Captioning
sponsored by <font
color="#ffff00">NEWSHOUR
PRODUCTIONS, LLC
NEWSHOUR
PRODUCTIONS, LLC <font
color="#ffff00">>> Ifill: GOOD
EVENING.
>> Ifill:
GOOD EVENING. <font
color="#ffff00">I'M GWEN
IFILL.
I'M GWEN
IFILL. <font
color="#ffff00">>> Woodruff: AND
I'M JUDY
>>
Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF
.
. <font
color="#ffff00">>> Ifill: ON THE
NEWSHOUR
>> Ifill:
ON THE NEWSHOUR <font
color="#ffff00">TONIGHT:
<font
WE'RE ON
THE GROUND IN FRANCE
WITH THE
LATEST.
LATEST. <font
color="#ffff00">>> Reporter: I'M
MALCOLM
>>
Reporter: I'M MALCOLM
<font
color="#ffff00">BRABANT.
GUNFIRE
AND EXPLOSIONS IN PARIS,
AND EXPLOSIONS IN PARIS,
THIS TIME
IN A POLICE RAID
IN A POLICE RAID <font
color="#ffff00">TARGETING THE
MASTERMIND OF THE
TARGETING
THE MASTERMIND OF THE
ATTACKS,
ONCE BELIEVED TO BE IN
<font
color="#ffff00">SYRIA.
>>
Sreenivasan: AND I'M HARI
<font
color="#ffff00">SREENIVASAN.</fo
WHERE THE
ATTACKS IN PARIS HAVE
ADDED FUEL
TO AN ALREADY HEATED
TO AN ALREADY HEATED
DEBATE
ABOUT EUROPE'S OPEN
<font
color="#ffff00">BORDERS.
>>
Woodruff: AND U.S.
Woodruff: AND U.S. LAWMAKERS
<font
color="#ffff00">ARE BRIEFED ON
ARE
BRIEFED ON THREATS HERE
AT <font
color="#ffff00">HOME.
<font
>> Ifill:
PLUS, PRIVACY VERSUS
PLUS, PRIVACY VERSUS
SECURITY
IN THE DIGITAL AGE.
IN THE DIGITAL AGE.
SHOULD THE
GOVERNMENT BE ABLE TO
ACCESS
DATA ON APPS IF
DATA ON APPS IF <font
color="#ffff00">TERRORISTS USE
THEM TO
TERRORISTS
USE THEM TO <font
color="#ffff00">COMMUNICATE?</fo
<font
>>
Woodruff: ALL THAT AND MORE
ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.
ON
>> Ifill:
THE HUNT FOR CULPRITS
IN THE
PARIS ATTACK TRIGGERED A
PARIS ATTACK TRIGGERED A
SEVEN-HOUR
GUN BATTLE TODAY.
GUN BATTLE TODAY. <font
color="#ffff00">BUT MULTIPLE
EXPLOSIONS,
BUT
MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS,
AND 5,000
ROUNDS FIRED, THERE
ROUNDS FIRED, THERE
WAS NO
OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION
OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION
THAT THE
ACCUSED LEADER OF THE
ATTACKS
HAD BEEN KILLED.
HAD BEEN KILLED. <font
color="#ffff00">WE BEGIN OUR
COVERAGE WITH
WE BEGIN
OUR COVERAGE WITH <font
color="#ffff00">MALCOLM BRABANT,
IN PARIS.
MALCOLM
BRABANT, IN PARIS. <font
color="#ffff00">>> Reporter: THE
TERRIBLE
>>
Reporter: THE TERRIBLE
STACCATO
OF GUNFIRE ECHOED
OF GUNFIRE ECHOED <font
color="#ffff00">ACROSS THE SAINT
DENIS
ACROSS THE
SAINT DENIS <font
color="#ffff00">NEIGHBORHOOD
OVERNIGHT, AS
<font
color="#ffff00">NEIGHBORHOOD
OVERNIGHT, AS <font
color="#ffff00">POLICE FOUGHT A
POLICE
FOUGHT A FURIOUS BATTLE
WITH
SUSPECTS HOLED UP IN A
THIRD
FLOOR APARTMENT.
FLOOR APARTMENT. <font
color="#ffff00">FRENCH
AUTHORITIES SAY POLICE
FRENCH
AUTHORITIES SAY POLICE
STORMED
THE BUILDING TO DISRUPT
THE BUILDING TO DISRUPT
AN
IMMINENT TERRORIST
IMMINENT TERRORIST ATTACK.
A
WOMAN IN THE APARTMENT
A WOMAN IN
THE APARTMENT <font
color="#ffff00">DETONATED A
SUICIDE VEST,
DETONATED
A SUICIDE VEST, <font
color="#ffff00">KILLING ONLY
HERSELF.
KILLING
ONLY HERSELF. <font
color="#ffff00">A MAN WAS KILLED
IN THE
A MAN WAS
KILLED IN THE <font
color="#ffff00">FUSILLADE OF
BULLETS.
FUSILLADE
OF BULLETS. <font
color="#ffff00">SEVEN OTHER MEN
AND A WOMAN WERE
SEVEN
OTHER MEN AND A WOMAN
WERE <font
color="#ffff00">ARRESTED.
<font
MOBILE
PHONE VIDEO SHOT BY
PHONE VIDEO SHOT BY
WITNESSES
SHOWED UNIDENTIFIED
SHOWED UNIDENTIFIED
MEN BEING
HUSTLED AWAY.
HUSTLED AWAY. <font
color="#ffff00">THE TARGET WAS
THE ALLEGED
THE TARGET
WAS THE ALLEGED <font
color="#ffff00">RING-LEADER OF
THE PARIS PLOT:
<font
color="#ffff00">RING-LEADER OF
THE PARIS PLOT: <font
color="#ffff00">ABDELHAMID
ABDELHAMID
ABAAOUD, SEEN HERE IN
AN UNDATED
ISLAMIC STATE SOCIAL
MEDIA
VIDEO.
VIDEO. <font
color="#ffff00">PARIS PROSECUTOR
FRANCOIS MOLINS
PARIS
PROSECUTOR FRANCOIS MOLINS
<font
color="#ffff00">SPOKE SOME HOURS
SPOKE SOME
HOURS AFTER THE <font
color="#ffff00">RAID'S
END.
RAID'S
END. <font
color="#ffff00">>> (
translated): WE HAVE
>>
(translated): WE
HAVE DONE A LOT OF WORK WHICH
HAS ALLOWED
A LOT OF WORK WHICH HAS ALLOWED
US TO OBTAIN, THROUGH TELEPHONY,
SURVEILLANCE AND WITNESS
STATEMENTS, ELEMENTS THAT COULD
ALLOW US TO THINK THAT ABAAOUD
MIGHT BE IN A CONSPIRATORS'
APARTMENT IN SAINT DENIS.
>> Reporter: IT WAS EARLIER
THOUGHT THAT ABAAOUD WAS IN
AFTER THE GUNFIGHT, FRENCH
MILITARY LINED THE STREETS, AND
POLICE FRISKED PASSERSBY, AS
WITNESSES TOLD OF ENDURING HOURS
WITNESSES TOLD OF
ENDURING HOURS OF MAYHEM.
OF MAYHEM. >> IT WAS LIKE-- WAR.
>> IT WAS LIKE-- WAR. IT
WAS VERY, VERY NOISY,
IT WAS VERY, VERY
NOISY, WHAT I HEARD.
WHAT I HEARD. AFTER-- I
UNDERSTAND THAT IT WAS
AFTER-- I UNDERSTAND THAT
IT WAS GUNS, AND BOMBS.
GUNS, AND BOMBS. >> (
translated): I SPOKE TO
>> (translated): I
SPOKE TO THE EMERGENCY SERVICE,
THEY SAID
THE EMERGENCY SERVICE, THEY SAID
THE POLICE WERE ON SITE AND NOT
THE POLICE WERE ON
SITE AND NOT TO WORRY.
TO WORRY. SO I THOUGHT FINE.
SO I THOUGHT FINE. BUT
THEN THERE WAS MACHINE GUN
BUT THEN THERE WAS MACHINE
GUN FIRE FOR HALF AN HOUR.
FIRE FOR HALF AN HOUR.
MACHINE GUNS IN TOWN!
MACHINE GUNS IN TOWN! OF
COURSE YOU ARE GOING TO FIND
OF COURSE YOU ARE GOING
TO FIND THAT SCARY.
THAT SCARY. >> Reporter:
ANOTHER WITNESS
>> Reporter: ANOTHER WITNESS
WISHED TO REMAIN ANONYMOUS: >> (
translated): THERE WAS
>> (translated): THERE
WAS LOTS OF NFIRGUE.
LOTS OF NFIRGUE. THERE WAS
A POLICEWOMAN WHO GOT
THERE WAS A POLICEWOMAN
WHO GOT INJURED.
INJURED. OTHER POLICE
OFFICERS WERE ALSO
OTHER POLICE OFFICERS
WERE ALSO WOUNDED.
WOUNDED. THERE'S A
POOL OF BLOOD OVER
THERE'S A POOL OF
BLOOD OVER THERE.
THERE. I DON'T KNOW
WHO WAS THE VICTIM.
I DON'T KNOW WHO WAS THE VICTIM.
>> Reporter: SAINT DENIS, A
RELATIVELY POOR DISTRICT JUST
NORTH OF THE PARIS BELTWAY, IS
NOW EFFECTIVELY UNDER MILITARY
NOW EFFECTIVELY UNDER
MILITARY OCCUPATION.
OCCUPATION. IT HAS A
LARGE MUSLIM POPULATION
IT HAS A LARGE MUSLIM POPULATION
AMONG ITS 120,000 RESIDENTS AND
IS SOMETHING OF A MELTING POT.
BUT AS ONE LOCAL MAN SAID TODAY,
THAT MIXING GOES ONLY SO FAR FOR
THAT MIXING GOES ONLY
SO FAR FOR SOME.
SOME. >> (translated
): OUR YOUNG
>> (translated): OUR
YOUNG PEOPLE FRANKLY FEEL QUITE
PEOPLE FRANKLY FEEL QUITE
SEPARATE-- EXCLUDED FROM
SEPARATE-- EXCLUDED
FROM SOCIETY.
SOCIETY. OUR YOUNG
PEOPLE HAVE NO
OUR YOUNG PEOPLE HAVE NO
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING.
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING. OUR
YOUNG PEOPLE, THEY ONLY HAVE
OUR YOUNG PEOPLE, THEY ONLY HAVE
CIGARETTES, JOINTS, AND ALL
MANNER OF MIND-ALTERING DRUGS.
>> Reporter: BUT NACHO PETIT
COLLOT, A HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVIST
WHO LIVES IN SAINT DENIS, IS
KEEN TO EMPHASIZE THAT TURNING
TO EXTREME ISLAM IS NOT A CHOICE
FOR THE MAJORITY OF YOUNG
FOR THE MAJORITY OF
YOUNG RESIDENTS.
RESIDENTS. >> SOME
PEOPLE ARE FRAGILIZED
>> SOME PEOPLE ARE FRAGILIZED
MENTALLY, UH SOME PEOPLE CAN BE,
YOU KNOW, TURNED, BRAINWASHED
FOR WHATEVER REASONS, THAT MAKE
FOR WHATEVER REASONS, THAT
MAKE RADICALIZATION ONE EXIT.
RADICALIZATION ONE EXIT.
BUT LET'S NOT IGMASTTIZE
ST. DENIS OR ANY OTHER
NEIGHBORHOOD, SAYING THAT THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD, SAYING
THAT THIS IS THE EXIT.
IS THE EXIT. >>
Reporter: ALTHOUGH TWO
>> Reporter: ALTHOUGH TWO
TERRORISTS ARE DEAD, AND MORE
ARE IN CUSTODY, THERE'S NO SENSE
OF COMPLACENCY ON THE STREETS OF
OF COMPLACENCY ON THE
STREETS OF PARIS TONIGHT.
PARIS TONIGHT. AND THE
KEY QUESTION TONIGHT
AND THE KEY QUESTION TONIGHT
REMAINS: WHERE IS SALEH ABDEL
SLAM, ONE OF THREE BROTHERS
INVOLVED IN THE PARIS ATTACKS,
WHO HAS SO FAR EVADED ALL
ATTEMPTS TO CAPTURE HIM.
FRENCH AUTHORITIES DECLARED A
FRENCH AUTHORITIES DECLARED
A RGENCY FOLLOWING THE
RGENCY FOLLOWING THE
ATTACKS, DURING WHICH TIME
SECURITY FORCES HAVE CONDUCTED
OVER 400 RAIDS, MAKING DOZENS OF
OVER 400 RAIDS, MAKING
DOZENS OF ARRESTS.
ARRESTS. FRANCE'S
PARLIAMENT WILL VOTE
FRANCE'S PARLIAMENT WILL VOTE
LATER THIS WEEK ON AN EXTENSION
OF THAT EMERGENCY FOR A FURTHER
OF THAT EMERGENCY FOR A
FURTHER THREE MONTHS.
THREE MONTHS. TODAY,
PRESIDENT FRANCOIS
TODAY, PRESIDENT FRANCOIS
HOLLANDE SAID THE GRIEF AND
ANGER CAUSED BY THE ATTACKS MUST
ANGER CAUSED BY THE ATTACKS
MUST TRANSLATE INTO ACTION:
TRANSLATE INTO ACTION: >> (
translated): THE EMOTION
>> (translated): THE
EMOTION IS IMMENSE, THE ANGER IS
TOO.
IS IMMENSE, THE ANGER IS TOO.
EACH OF US IS EXPERIENCING AN
INTENSE FEELING OF COMPASSION
FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE ATTACKS,
AND AT THE SAME TIME, A DEMAND
FOR ACTION, IN ORDER TO
NEUTRALIZE THOSE WHO COMMITTED
NEUTRALIZE THOSE WHO
COMMITTED THESE CRIMES.
THESE CRIMES. >> Reporter:
AND IN GERMANY,
>> Reporter: AND IN GERMANY,
WHERE A BOMB SCARE AT A SOCCER
MATCH LAST NIGHT IN HANNOVER
SHOOK THE COUNTRY, CHANCELLOR
ANGELA MERKEL SAID
ANGELA MERKEL SAID ANGELA
MERKEL SAID DETERMINATION
ANGELA MERKEL SAID DETERMINATION
MUST BE SHOWN IN THE FACE OF
MUST BE SHOWN IN THE
FACE OF TERRORISM.
TERRORISM. SHE'D BEEN
SCHEDULED TO ATTEND
SHE'D BEEN SCHEDULED TO ATTEND
THE GAME BETWEEN GERMANY AND THE
THE GAME BETWEEN GERMANY
AND THE NETHERLANDS.
NETHERLANDS. >> (
translated): THIS COWARD
>> (translated): THIS
COWARD ATTACK WAS NOTHING ELSE
THAN AN
ATTACK WAS NOTHING ELSE THAN
AN ATTACK ON OUR FREEDOM.
ATTACK ON OUR FREEDOM. AND
THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE ANSWER
AND THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE
ANSWER TO IT, AND THAT IS
TO IT, AND THAT
IS DETERMINATION.
DETERMINATION. AND THAT
IS WHY GERMANY SUPPORTS
AND THAT IS WHY GERMANY SUPPORTS
FRANCE IN ORDER TO FIGHT AGAINST
TERRORIST AND ITS BACKERS.
TERRORIST AND ITS BACKERS. >>
Reporter: MEANWHILE, FRENCH
>> Reporter: MEANWHILE, FRENCH
JETS AGAIN HIT ISLAMIC STATE
TARGETS IN SYRIA TODAY, WHILE
THE MILITARY ANNOUNCED THAT THE
THE MILITARY ANNOUNCED THAT
THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER "CHARLES
AIRCRAFT CARRIER "CHARLES
DEGAULLE" LEFT PORT STEAMING
TOWARD THE REGION TO REINFORCE
TOWARD THE REGION TO
REINFORCE THEIR OPERATIONS.
THEIR OPERATIONS. BACK
IN PARIS, PRESINTDE
BACK IN PARIS, PRESINTDE
HOLLANDE SAID THE ATTACKS MUST
COMPEL INTERNATIONAL UNITY TO
TAKE ON THE ISLAMIC STATE.
TAKE ON THE ISLAMIC STATE. >> (
translated): I KNOW VERY
>> (translated): I KNOW
VERY WELL THAT EVERY COUNTRY
DOES NOT
WELL THAT EVERY COUNTRY DOES NOT
HAVE THE SAME INTERESTS, NOR THE
SAME IDEAS, NOR NECESSARILY THE
SAME IDEAS, NOR NECESSARILY
THE SAME ALLIES.
SAME ALLIES. BUT WHAT'S
AT STAKE HERE IS
BUT WHAT'S AT STAKE HERE IS
PUTTING AN END TO, DESTROYING,
AN ARMY THAT THREATENS THE
AN ARMY THAT THREATENS
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
ENTIRE WORLD. >>
Reporter: BUT FOR NOW,
>> Reporter: BUT FOR NOW,
ISLAMIC STATE MILITANTS SHOW NO
ISLAMIC STATE MILITANTS SHOW
NO SIGNS OF GIVING WAY.
SIGNS OF GIVING WAY. INSTEAD,
THEIR ONLINE MAGAZINE
INSTEAD, THEIR ONLINE MAGAZINE
CARRIED A PHOTO TODAY,
PURPORTING TO SHOW THE BOMB,
HOUSED IN A SOFT DRINK CAN, THAT
BROUGHT DOWN A RUSSIANET O JVER
EGYPT'S SINAI PENINSULA IN LATE
EGYPT'S SINAI PENINSULA
IN LATE OCTOBER.
OCTOBER. THE RUSSIANS
SAID YESTERDAY THEY
THE RUSSIANS SAID YESTERDAY THEY
HAD DETERMINED THAT A BOMB HAD
INDEED DOWNED THE PLANE, AND
INDEED DOWNED THE PLANE,
AND THEY CONTINUED A HEAVY
THEY CONTINUED A HEAVY
BOMBARDMENT IN SYRIA TODAY,
INCLUDING STRIKES AT THE ISLAMIC
INCLUDING STRIKES AT
THE ISLAMIC STATE.
STATE. >> Ifill: AND
HARI AND MALCOLM
>> Ifill: AND HARI AND
MALCOLM JOIN ME NOW.
JOIN ME NOW. MALCOLM,
YOU SPENT THE DAY IN
MALCOLM, YOU SPENT THE
DAY IN SAINT-DENIS.
SAINT-DENIS. TELL US
WHAT THE CONDITIONS ARE
TELL US WHAT THE CONDITIONS ARE
LIKE IN THAT NEIGHBORHOOD,
WHATEVER YOU CAN TELL BUS THAT
WHATEVER YOU CAN TELL
BUS THAT NEIGHBORHOOD.
NEIGHBORHOOD. >> WHAT WAS
MOST STRIKING, GWEN,
>> WHAT WAS MOST STRIKING, GWEN,
WAS THE FACT THAT THIS PLACE
REALLY DID LOOK LIKE A CITY IN
REALLY DID LOOK
LIKE A CITY IN WAR.
WAR. IN EUROPE,
YOU'RE USED TO SEEING
IN EUROPE, YOU'RE USED TO SEEING
POLICE AROUND THE PLACE BUT
YOU'RE NOT USED TO SEEING
SOLDIERS OUT ON THE STREETS, ANR
SOLDIERS OUT ON THE STREETS,
ANR MILITARY CONTROL TODAY.
MILITARY CONTROL TODAY. AND
A COLLEAGUE OF MINE SAID IT
AND A COLLEAGUE OF MINE SAID IT
WAS LIKE BELFAST IN THE 1980s.
IT WAS MUCH MORE SERIOUS.
THE BRITISH WERE NOT FACING
TRYSTS LIKE THIS PREPARED TO
DIVE AND YOU WOULD NOT HAVE
5,000 ROUND BEING FIRED.
5,000 ROUND BEING FIRED. THE
ATMOSPHERE IN THE PLACE WAS
THE ATMOSPHERE IN THE PLACE WAS
REALLY QUITE TENSE INDEED.
REALLY QUITE TENSE INDEED. MOST
PEOPLE WERE STAYING OFF THE
MOST PEOPLE WERE STAYING OFF THE
STREETS BECAUSE THEY WERE SO
SCARED ABOUT WHAT WAS HAPPENING.
>> Ifill: ONE OF THE QUESTIONS
WHICH OFTEN COMES UP ABOUT
IMMIGRATION IN PARIS OR EUROPE
IN GENERAL THERE HASN'T BEEN
THAT MUCH ASSIMILATION, THAT A
THE LOOF PEOPLE HAVE GATHERED IN
THE LOOF PEOPLE HAVE GATHERED
IN THEIR OWN NEIGHBORHOODS.
THEIR OWN NEIGHBORHOODS.
IS THAT WHAT SAINT-DENIS
REPRESENTS?
REPRESENTS? >> VERY MUCH SO.
>> VERY MUCH SO. IT IS
PART OF SEGREGATED PARIS.
IT IS PART OF SEGREGATED PARIS.
AND ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
PRESIDENT HOLLANDE HAS BEEN
TRYING TO SAY TODAY IS THAT THAT
TRYING TO SAY TODAY IS THAT
THAT FRANCE REALLY WANTS TO BE
FRANCE REALLY WANTS TO BE
GENEROUS TO PEOPLE COMING IN,
AND IT WILL HONOR ITS COMMITMENT
TO ALLOW 30,000 SYRIANS TO COME
TO ALLOW 30,000
SYRIANS TO COME IN.
IN. BUT THE PROBLEM
THAT HE'S GOING
BUT THE PROBLEM THAT HE'S GOING
TO HAVE IS TRYING TO ASSIMILATE
TO HAVE IS TRYING TO
ASSIMILATE THESE PEOPLE.
THESE PEOPLE. THESE
KINDS OF PLACES LIKE
THESE KINDS OF PLACES LIKE
SAINT-DENIS AND MOLENBEEK IN
BRUSSELS WHERE THERE WAS A
SHOOT-OUT THE OTHER DAY, THERE
ARE LOTS OF THESE PLACES ALL
AROUND EUROPE WHERE IMMIGRANTS
HAVE GARTHED WHERE THEY FEEL
DISENFRANCHISED AND DON'T HAVE
DISENFRANCHISED AND DON'T
HAVE THE SAME OPPORTUNITIES.
THE SAME OPPORTUNITIES. MORE
REFUGEES ARE COMING IN AND
MORE REFUGEES ARE COMING IN AND
THEY PERHAPS ARE GOING TONED UP
EVEN WORSE OFF THAN THOSE PEOPLE
EVEN WORSE OFF THAN THOSE
PEOPLE WHO ARE ALREADY THERE.
WHO ARE ALREADY THERE. SO
THE PROBLEM THAT EUROPE HAS
SO THE PROBLEM THAT EUROPE HAS
IS TRYING TO BE GENEROUS, BUT AT
THE SAME TIME, IT MUST MAKE SURE
THAT THERE IS INTEGRATION, NO
SEGREGATION, AND THAT THERE ARE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR THESE PEOPLE
AND THAT'S REALLY DIFFICULT.
ESPECIALLY AS THE ECONOMIES OF
THESE COUNTRIES ARE GETTING
THESE COUNTRIES ARE
GETTING WORSE.
WORSE. >> Ifill:
HARI, YOU HAVE NOW
>> Ifill: HARI, YOU HAVE NOW
BEEN ON THE GROUND SEVERAL DAYS
IN PARIS AND I WONDER WHETHER
THIS FEELS MORE LIKE A POLICE
OPERATION OR MORE LIKE WAR-TIME
OPERATION OR MORE LIKE
WAR-TIME FOOTING.
FOOTING. WHAT IS THE
CITY FEELING LIKES
WHAT IS THE CITY FEELING
LIKES THESE DAYS.
THESE DAYS. >> EVEN
TODAY, WHEN WE WERE AT
>> EVEN TODAY, WHEN WE WERE AT
DIFFERENT PLACES THAT USUALLY
YOU'D SEE FLOCKS OF TOURISTS
WITH THEIR CAMERAS, WHAT WE SAW
WERE PEOPLE IN MILITARY FATIGUES
CARRYING MACHINE GUNS, AND
WHAT'S STRANGE IS THE PARISIANS
JUST GOING ABOUT THEIR DAILY
LIVES AS BEST THEY CAN HAVE
ALMOST GOTTEN USED TO IT.
ALMOST GOTTEN USED TO IT. I
MEAN, THIS IS WHAT WE'VE
I MEAN, THIS IS WHAT WE'VE
REALLY SEEN IN THE LAST THREE OR
REALLY SEEN IN THE LAST
THREE OR FOUR DAYS.
FOUR DAYS. THEY'VE
GOTTEN USED TO THE
THEY'VE GOTTEN USED TO THE
SIRENZ BLARING AT ALL HOURS OF
SIRENZ BLARING AT ALL
HOURS OF THE NIGHT.
THE NIGHT. THEY'VE
GOTTEN USED TO THE
THEY'VE GOTTEN USED TO
THE MILITARY PRESENCE.
MILITARY PRESENCE. AND
IT'S A DIFFERENT FEEL.
AND IT'S A DIFFERENT FEEL.
THIS IS A WORLD-CLASS CITY, A
PLACE WHERE SO MANY PEOPLE COME
PLACE WHERE SO MANY PEOPLE
COME TO VACATION AND HOLIDAY.
TO VACATION AND HOLIDAY. BUT
MAYBE THIS ISN'T THE BEST
BUT MAYBE THIS ISN'T THE BEST
PLACE TO BE IF THAT'S THE
ENVIRONMENT THAT YOU'RE GOING TO
BE IN WHERE YOU'RE CONSTANTLY
FEELING SURVEILLED.
FEELING SURVEILLED. >>
Ifill: TOO SOON TO SAY THAT
>> Ifill: TOO SOON TO SAY THAT
THINGS HAVE RETURNED TO NORMALCY
THINGS HAVE RETURNED
TO NORMALCY I GUESS.
I GUESS. >> YEAH, YEAH.
>> YEAH, YEAH. ALSO,
THE HARD PART IS IT'S
ALSO, THE HARD PART IS IT'S
ALMOST A CYCLE OF SUSPICION,
ALMOST A CYCLE OF
SUSPICION, RIGHT.
RIGHT. NOW, THERE ARE
THESE IMMIGRANTS
NOW, THERE ARE THESE IMMIGRANTS
OR THERE ARE PERHAPS REFUGEES
THAT ARE ANYTHING TO GET A
SECOND LOOK OR A THIRD LOOK, NOT
JUST FROM THE POLICE BUT OTHER
PEOPLE THAT ARE NORMAL PARISIANS
AND PERHAPS THAT'S THE-- THAT'S
THE BEGINNING OF THEIR FEELING
WHERE, WOW, MAYBE I'M A
SECOND-CLASS CITIZEN HERE.
SECOND-CLASS CITIZEN HERE. AND
THAT JUST OPENS UP THEM TO,
AND THAT JUST OPENS UP THEM TO,
YOU KNOW, RECRUITING BY ISIS.
>> Ifill: YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN
>> Ifill: YOU GUYS HAVE
BEEN DOING GREAT WORK.
DOING GREAT WORK. WE WILL
RETURN TO HARI AND HIS
WE WILL RETURN TO HARI AND HIS
REPORTING ON HOW THE PARIS
ATTACKS ARE CHANGE ATTITUDES
ABOUT EUROPE'S OPEN BORDERS
AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY.
AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY. >>
Woodruff: IN THE DAY'S OTHER
>> Woodruff: IN THE DAY'S OTHER
NEWS, THE WHITE HOUSE WARNED
THIS EVENING THAT PRESIDENT
OBAMA WILL VETO A HOUSE
REPUBLICAN BILL TO INCREASE
SCREENING OF REFUGEES.
HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN
ANNOUNCED TODAY THAT REPUBLICANS
WILL CALL FOR ADMITTING SYRIAN
AND IRAQI REFUGEES ONLY IF U.S.
OFFICIALS CERTIFY THEY ARE NOT A
OFFICIALS CERTIFY THEY ARE
NOT A SECURITY THREAT.
SECURITY THREAT. RYAN
SAID A VOTE COULD COME
RYAN SAID A VOTE COULD COME
TOMORROW ON WHAT HE CALLED
COMMON-SENSE PRECAUTIONS.
COMMON-SENSE PRECAUTIONS. >>
PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THE PLIGHT
>> PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THE PLIGHT
OF THOSE FLEEING THE MIDDLE EAST
BUT THEY ALSO NEED ASSURANCES
FOR THE SAFETY OF THIS COUNTRY.
WE ARE A COMPASSIONATE NATION.
WE ALWAYS HAVE BEEN AND ALWAYS
WE ALWAYS HAVE BEEN
AND ALWAYS WILL BE.
WILL BE. BUT WE ALSO
MUST REMEMBER THAT
BUT WE ALSO MUST REMEMBER THAT
OUR FIRST PRIORITY IS TO PROTECT
OUR FIRST PRIORITY IS TO
PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. >>
Ifill: SOME REPUBLICAN
>> Ifill: SOME REPUBLICAN
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES HAVE
SAID CHRISTIAN REFUGEES SHOULD
BE GIVEN PREFERENCE OVER
BE GIVEN PREFERENCE
OVER MUSLIMS.
MUSLIMS. AT A SUMMIT
IN THE PHILIPPINES
AT A SUMMIT IN THE PHILIPPINES
TODAY, PRESIDENT OBAMA SAID SUCH
PROPOSALS ARE ROOTED IN HYSTERIA
AND POLITICAL POSTURING.
AND POLITICAL POSTURING. >>
WE ARE NOT WELL-SERVED WHEN,
>> WE ARE NOT WELL-SERVED WHEN,
IN RESPONSE TO A TERRORIST
ATTACK, WE DESCEND INTO FEAR AND
ATTACK, WE DESCEND
INTO FEAR AND PANIC.
PANIC. WHEN INDIVIDUALS
SAY THAT WE
WHEN INDIVIDUALS SAY THAT WE
SHOULD HAVE A RELIGIOUS TEST AND
THAT ONLY CHRISTIANS -- PROVEN
CHRISTIANS -- SHOULD BE
ADMITTED, THAT'S OFFENSIVE AND
CONTRARY TO AMERICAN VALUES.
>> Ifill: REPUBLICAN
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE TED CRUZ
IS AMONG THOSE WHO HAVE SAID
CHRISTIAN REFUGEES SHOULD BE
GIVEN SPECIAL IMMIGRATION
GIVEN SPECIAL
IMMIGRATION PREFERENCE.
PREFERENCE. HE
CHALLENGED THE PRESIDENT
HE CHALLENGED THE PRESIDENT
TODAY TO DEBATE HIM ON THE
TODAY TO DEBATE
HIM ON THE ISSUE.
ISSUE. MEANWHILE, A
SYRIAN FAMILY WAS
MEANWHILE, A SYRIAN FAMILY WAS
DIVERTED TO CONNECTICUT TODAY
INSTEAD OF GOING TO INDIANA AS
INSTEAD OF GOING TO
INDIANA AS PLANNED.
PLANNED. RESETTLEMENT
GROUPS TED THE
RESETTLEMENT GROUPS TED THE
INDIANA GOVERNOR'S MOVE TO STOP
REFUGEES FROM SEEKING NEW HOMES
REFUGEES FROM SEEKING NEW
HOMES IN THE HOOSIER STATE.
IN THE HOOSIER STATE. >>
Woodruff: CHINESE PRESIDENT
>> Woodruff: CHINESE PRESIDENT
XI JINPING TODAY REASSURED WORLD
LEADERS THAT CHINA'S ECONOMY
LEADERS THAT CHINA'S
ECONOMY REMAINS STRONG.
REMAINS STRONG. THE
COUNTRY'S GROWTH RATE HIT A
THE COUNTRY'S GROWTH RATE HIT A
SIX-YEAR LOW LAST QUARTER, BUT
IT WAS STILL RUNNING AT AN
IT WAS STILL RUNNING AT
AN ANNUAL PACE OF 6.8%.
ANNUAL PACE OF 6.8%.
TODAY, AT THE ASIA-PACIFIC
GATHERING IN MANILA,
GATHERING IN MANILA, XI
PROMISED HIS GOVERNMENT WILL
XI PROMISED HIS GOVERNMENT
WILL KEEP GROWTH ON TRACK.
KEEP GROWTH ON TRACK. >> (
translated): OVERALL,
THE
>> (translated):
OVERALL, THE ENDURING, POSITIVE
TREND OF
ENDURING, POSITIVE TREND OF
CHINA'S ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT HAS
CHINA'S ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
HAS NOT CHANGED.
NOT CHANGED. THE
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE
THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE
ECONOMY BEING RESILIENT, FULL OF
POTENTIAL, WITH AMPLE ROOM FOR
MANEUVERING HAVE NOT CHANGED.
THE FUNDAMENTALS AND CONDITIONS
SUPPORTING THE CONTINUING GROWTH
OF THE CHINESE ECONOMY HAVE NOT
OF THE CHINESE ECONOMY
HAVE NOT CHANGED.
CHANGED. >> Woodruff:
XI DID NOT MENTION
>> Woodruff: XI DID NOT MENTION
TERRITORIAL DISPUTES IN THE
SOUTH CHINA SEA, BUT PRESIDENT
OBAMA CALLED FOR BEIJING TO STOP
OBAMA CALLED FOR BEIJING TO
STOP BUILDING MAN-MADE ISLANDS.
BUILDING MAN-MADE ISLANDS. >>
Ifill: BACK IN THIS COUNTRY,
>> Ifill: BACK IN THIS COUNTRY,
CLEANUP IS UNDERWAY IN
WASHINGTON STATE, AFTER A DEADLY
STORM PASSED THROUGH LAST
STORM PASSED THROUGH LAST HOUR
BROUGHT DOWN TREES AROUND
HOUR BROUGHT DOWN TREES AROUND
SPOKANE AND ELSEWHERE, WHILE
HEAVY RAIN TRIGGERED FLOODING.
IN ALL, ABOUT 350,000 HOMES AND
IN ALL, ABOUT 350,000 HOMES
AND BUSINESSES LOST POWER.
BUSINESSES LOST POWER.
UTILITIES SAID IT COULD TAKE
UTILITIES SAID IT COULD
TAKE DAYS TO BE RESTORED.
DAYS TO BE RESTORED. >>
Woodruff: AUTHORITIES IN
>> Woodruff: AUTHORITIES IN
MINNEAPOLIS TODAY IDENTIFIED TWO
OFFICERS INVOLVED IN THE FATAL
SHOOTING OF AN UNARMED BLACK
SHOOTING OF AN UNARMED
BLACK MAN, JAMAL CLARK.
MAN, JAMAL CLARK. SUNDAY'S
INCIDENT TRIGGERED
SUNDAY'S INCIDENT TRIGGERED
DEMONSTRATIONS, AND TODAY,
POLICE TOOK DOWN PROTESTERS'
TENTS NEAR A PRECINCT STATION.
THE ACTIVISTS INSISTED THEY
WON'T LEAVE UNTIL VIDEO OF THE
WON'T LEAVE UNTIL VIDEO OF
THE KILLING IS RELEASED.
KILLING IS RELEASED.
INVESTIGATORS SAY CLARK FOUGHT
WITH OFFICERS MARK RINGGENBERG
AND DUSTIN SCHWARZ AFTER A
AND DUSTIN SCHWARZ AFTER
A DOMESTIC ASSAULT.
DOMESTIC ASSAULT. HIS FAMILY
DISPUTED THAT ACCOUNT
HIS FAMILY DISPUTED
THAT ACCOUNT TODAY.
TODAY. >> DESPITE
WHAT YOU'VE HEARD,
>> DESPITE WHAT YOU'VE HEARD,
EVERY ALLEGATION WITHOUT
EVIDENCE IS NOT THE TRUTH.
EVERYTHING YOU HEAR IS NOT THE
EVERYTHING YOU HEAR
IS NOT THE TRUTH.
TRUTH. EVERYTHING
THAT SEEMS IS NOT
EVERYTHING THAT SEEMS IS
NOT ALWAYS WHAT IT SEEMS.
ALWAYS WHAT IT SEEMS. MY
BROTHER WAS A DECENT PERSON.
MY BROTHER WAS A DECENT PERSON.
THE HEART THAT HE HAD, I WISH
SOME OF YOU WOULD HAVE HALF OF
SOME OF YOU WOULD
HAVE HALF OF IT.
IT. EVERYTHING
THAT'S HAPPENED TO
EVERYTHING THAT'S HAPPENED
TO HIM, HE DID NOT DESERVE.
HIM, HE DID NOT DESERVE. >>
Woodruff: WITNESSES HAVE SAID
>> Woodruff: WITNESSES HAVE SAID
CLARK WAS HANDCUFFED WHEN HE WAS
CLARK WAS HANDCUFFED
WHEN HE WAS SHOT.
SHOT. POLICE INITIALLY
DENIED THAT,
POLICE INITIALLY DENIED THAT,
BUT NOW SAY THEY'RE STILL TRYING
TO DETERMINE EXACTLY WHAT
TO DETERMINE EXACTLY
WHAT HAPPENED.
HAPPENED. >> Ifill:
SOME 2,000 WORKERS AT
>> Ifill: SOME 2,000 WORKERS
AT SEVEN MAJOR AIRPORTS IN THE
SEVEN MAJOR AIRPORTS IN THE
EASTERN U.S. ARE SET TO GO ON
EASTERN U.S. ARE SET TO
GO ON STRIKE TONIGHT.
STRIKE TONIGHT. PLANE
CLEANERS, BAGGAGE HANDLERS
PLANE CLEANERS, BAGGAGE HANDLERS
AND OTHER EMPLOYEES ARE
PROTESTING OVER WAGES AND THEIR
PROTESTING OVER WAGES AND
THEIR RIGHT TO UNIONIZE.
RIGHT TO UNIONIZE. AMONG
THE TARGETS: NEW YORK'S
AMONG THE TARGETS: NEW YORK'S
JOHN F. KENNEDY AND LAGUARDIA
AIRPORTS, CHICAGO'S O'HARE
INTERNATIONAL, AND BOSTON'S
LOGAN INTERNATIONAL, AMONG
LOGAN INTERNATIONAL,
AMONG OTHERS.
OTHERS. >> Woodruff:
AND THIS WAS THE
>> Woodruff: AND THIS WAS THE
BEST DAY ON WALL STREET IN A
MONTH, FUELED BY CORPORATE DEALS
AND HOPES FOR IMPROVING GROWTH.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
GAINED 247 POINTS TO CLOSE AT
GAINED 247 POINTS
TO CLOSE AT 17,737.
17,737. THE NASDAQ
ROSE 89 POINTS,
THE NASDAQ ROSE 89 POINTS,
AND THE S&P 500 ADDED 33.
AND THE S&P 500 ADDED 33. >>
Ifill: STILL TO COME ON THE
>> Ifill: STILL TO
COME ON THE NEWSHOUR:
NEWSHOUR: PARIS, CONGRESS
AND THE SECURITY
PARIS, CONGRESS AND
THE SECURITY DEBATE.
DEBATE. COULD
GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO
COULD GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO
ENCRYPTED SOCIAL MEDIA MESSAGES
ENCRYPTED SOCIAL MEDIA
MESSAGES THWART TERRORISM?
THWART TERRORISM? EUROPE'S
OPEN BORDER POLICY
EUROPE'S OPEN BORDER
POLICY UNDER THREAT.
UNDER THREAT. AND MUCH MORE.
>> Woodruff: ON CAPITOL HILL,
MANY LAWMAKERS HAVE SPENT THE
PAST TWO DAYS BEHIND CLOSED
DOORS, IN BRIEFINGS ON THE PARIS
ATTACKS AND THE POTENTIAL THREAT
ATTACKS AND THE POTENTIAL
THREAT TO THE U.S.
TO THE U.S. TO DISCUSS
THAT THREAT, WE ARE
TO DISCUSS THAT THREAT, WE ARE
JOINED NOW BY TWO LEADING
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS, BOTH FROM
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS,
BOTH FROM CALIFORNIA.
CALIFORNIA. REPRESENTATIVE
ED ROYCE IS THE
REPRESENTATIVE ED ROYCE IS THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE FOREIGN
CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE.
AFFAIRS COMMITTEE. AND
REPRESENTATIVE ADAM SCHIFF
AND REPRESENTATIVE ADAM SCHIFF
IS THE RANKING DEMOCRAT ON THE
HOUSE SELECT COMMITTEE ON
HOUSE SELECT COMMITTEE
ON INTELLIGENCE.
INTELLIGENCE. GENTLEMEN,
WE WELCOME YOU BOTH.
GENTLEMEN, WE WELCOME YOU BOTH.
CHAIRMAN ROYCE, LET ME BEGIN
CHAIRMAN ROYCE, LET
ME BEGIN WITH YOU.
WITH YOU. WHAT HAVE YOU
LEARNED FROM THESE
WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED FROM THESE
BRIEFINGS ON THE CAPABILITY, THE
MOTIVATION OF ISIS THAT YOU
WEREN'T AWARE OF BEFORE AND THAT
YOU CAN SHARE WITH THE PUBLIC?
>> WELL, I THINK THAT THE
BIGGEST SURPRISE IS JUST THE
MAGNITUDE OF THE ATTACKS HERE.
WE'VE SEEN OVER 900 CASUALTIES
AS A RESULT OF THESE ISIS
ATTACKS, AND WHAT WE'RE LEARNING
ALSO IS THE ABILITY OF THE ISIS
ORGANIZATION TO HAVE USED THE
SAFE HAVEN THAT THEY HAVE IN
THEIR CALIPHATE IN ORDER TO
TRAIN WITH NEW METHODOLOGY OF
BOMB MAKING FOR THEM, AND ALSO
BOMB MAKING FOR THEM, AND
ALSO WITH AUTOMATIC WEAPONS.
WITH AUTOMATIC WEAPONS. AND
YOU SEE THE RESULT OF THAT,
AND YOU SEE THE RESULT OF THAT,
ON THE STREETS OF PARIS, FOR
ON THE STREETS OF
PARIS, FOR EXAMPLE.
EXAMPLE. BUT YOU ALSO
SEE SOMETHING ELSE,
BUT YOU ALSO SEE SOMETHING ELSE,
THE DOCUMENT FORGERY OF SYRIAN
PASSPORTS NOW HAS EMERGED AS A
NEW ISSUE, AND WE'VE SEEN EVEN A
NEW ISSUE, AND WE'VE SEEN EVEN
A CASE TODAY WITH FALSE SYRIAN
CASE TODAY WITH FALSE SYRIAN
PASSPORTS USED IN LATIN AMERICA.
WE SAW THE CASE IN GREECE WHERE
ONE OF THE ISIS TERRORISTS HAD
ONE OF THE ISIS TERRORISTS
HAD USED A FALSE PASSPORT.
USED A FALSE PASSPORT. YOU
PAY $2,000 TODAY, YOU GET A
YOU PAY $2,000 TODAY, YOU GET A
PASSPORTHAT'S SO GOOD THAT IT'S
OFTEN HARD FOR E.U. AUTHORITIES
EVEN TO DETERMINE WHETHER IT'S
EVEN TO DETERMINE WHETHER
IT'S FALSE OR REAL.
FALSE OR REAL. SO THIS
IS A SECURITY CHALLENGE
SO THIS IS A SECURITY CHALLENGE
FOR EUROPE AS WE SEE.
FOR EUROPE AS WE SEE. AND
LASTLY, I WOULD JUST SABRE
AND LASTLY, I WOULD JUST SABRE
THE ABILITY ONCE IN EUROPE, ONCE
YOU'VE GOT A VISA WAVER FOR
THOSE IN EUROPE THAT MAY HAVE
GONE TO FIGHT WITH ISIS AND THEY
COME BACK TO EUROPE, THEY NOW
HAVE THAT VISA WAIVER THEY CAN
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF TO COME, FOR
EXAMPLE, HERE TO THE UNITED
EXAMPLE, HERE TO
THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. THESE ARE ALL CONCERNS.
THESE ARE ALL CONCERNS. >>
Woodruff: THAT'S A LOT OF
>> Woodruff: THAT'S A LOT
OF INFORMATION TO PROCESS.
INFORMATION TO PROCESS.
CONGRESSMAN SCHIFF, AS A MEMBER
OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE,
DOES THAT TRACK WITH WHAT YOU'RE
LEARNING, OR IS THERE MORE?
LEARNING, OR IS THERE
MORE? >> WELL, IT DOES.
>> WELL, IT DOES. I
THINK WHAT WE HAVE SEEN
I THINK WHAT WE HAVE SEEN
GRAPHICALLY IN THE LAST FEW
WEEKS IS SOMETHING WE'VE BEEN
WATCHING IN THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY FOR THE LAST SEVERAL
MONTHS, AND THAT IS ISIS
ORIGINALLY FOCUSED ON BUILDING
ITS CALIPHATE, ON HOLDING ITS
ITS CALIPHATE, ON
HOLDING ITS GROUND.
GROUND. IT HAS NOW
OPENED, REALLY, A
IT HAS NOW OPENED, REALLY, A
SECOND FRONT AND THAT IS TRYING
SECOND FRONT AND THAT IS
TRYING ON ATTACK IN THE WEST.
ON ATTACK IN THE WEST. WE
HAVE SEEN A NUMBER OF PLOTS,
WE HAVE SEEN A NUMBER OF PLOTS,
LARGELY DISRUPTED, IN EUROPE,
BUT ONLY RECENTLY TO SEE THE
HORRIFIC ATTACKS IN PARIS, THE
BOMBING OF THIS RUSSIAN PLANE,
THE BOMBING IN BEIRUT, CLEARLY
ISIS IS NOW MOVING TO EXPORT ITS
ISIS IS NOW MOVING TO EXPORT
ITS VIOLENCE AROUND THE WORLD.
VIOLENCE AROUND THE WORLD. AND
IN THAT RESPECT, ADOPTING
AND IN THAT RESPECT, ADOPTING
MANY OF THE TECHNIQUES OF
MANY OF THE TECHNIQUES
OF AL QAEDA.
AL QAEDA. IT HAS REALLY
ECLIPSED AL QAEDA
IT HAS REALLY ECLIPSED AL QAEDA
AS THE PREEMENT TERRORIST THREAT
AS THE PREEMENT TERRORIST
THREAT WE FACE NOW.
WE FACE NOW. >> Woodruff:
WELL, GIVEN ALL
>> Woodruff: WELL, GIVEN ALL
THIS, CHAIRMAN ROYCE, JUST HOW
VULNERABLE IS THE UNITED STATES?
WE JUST HEARD A SHORT TIME AGO
THE PRESIDENT'S ADVISER ON
NATIONAL SECURITY, LISA MONACO,
SAID THAT THE ADMINISTRATION
BELIEVES RIGHT NOW THERE'S NO
CREDIBLE THREAT TO THE UNITED
CREDIBLE THREAT TO
THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. HOW DO YOU SEE THAT?
HOW DO YOU SEE THAT? >>
WELL, THE GOOD NEWS, OF
>> WELL, THE GOOD NEWS, OF
COURSE, IS THAT SINCE 9/11, WE
HAVE HAD 12 ATTEMPTS FOR ATTACKS
HAVE HAD 12 ATTEMPTS FOR
ATTACKS IN NEW YORK.
IN NEW YORK. ALL OF THEM
HAVE BEEN THWARTED.
ALL OF THEM HAVE BEEN THWARTED.
SO WE CAN CREDIT OUR
CAPABILITIES WITH THAT.
BUT, OF COURSE, WE HAVE AN
ADDITIONAL CHALLENGE HERE, AND
THAT IS THAT ISIS HAS NOW
LEARNED HOW TO USE ENCRYPTION
FOR THEIR COMMUNICATION.
IN THE PAST WE HAD THE
CAPABILITY AT TIMES TO INTERCEPT
CAPABILITY AT TIMES TO
INTERCEPT THESE MESSAGES.
THESE MESSAGES. NOW, WE'LL
LEARN MORE ABOUT THE
NOW, WE'LL LEARN MORE ABOUT
THE ATTACKS IN PARIS.
ATTACKS IN PARIS. IT IS
POSSIBLE THAT ISIS USED
IT IS POSSIBLE THAT ISIS USED
ENCRYPTION IN ORDER TO PLAN AND
CARRY OUT THOSE ATTACKS IN ORDER
TO KEEP PARISIAN AND FRENCH
AUTHORITIES FROM USING THE USUAL
METHODOLOGY TO DISCOVER THOSE
METHODOLOGY TO DISCOVER
THOSE ATTACKS IN PROGRESS.
ATTACKS IN PROGRESS. AND
SO, IF THAT IS INDEED THE
AND SO, IF THAT IS INDEED THE
CASE, THEN WE ARE GOING TO BE
MORE VULNERABLE THAN WE WOULD
HAVE BEEN IN THE PAST.
>> Woodruff: CONGRESSMAN
>> Woodruff: CONGRESSMAN SCHIFF,
WHAT DOES IT SAY, THEN,
SCHIFF, WHAT DOES IT SAY, THEN,
IF THIS IS A NEW CAPABILITY ON
THE PART OF ISIS, THAT THE U.S.
HAS TO BE PREPARED TO DEAL,
WHETHER IT'S ENCRYPTION OR ANY
OTHER ASPECT OF THIS NEW ABILITY
OTHER ASPECT OF THIS NEW
ABILITY THAT THEY HAVE?
THAT THEY HAVE? >> I
THINK IT MEANS A FEW
>> I THINK IT MEANS
A FEW THINGS.
THINGS. IN THE NEAR
TERM WHAT WE'RE MOST
IN THE NEAR TERM WHAT WE'RE MOST
CONCERNED ABOUT IS NOT ATACK BUN
RADICALS BEING INSPIRED BY WHAT
THEY SEE IN PARIS TO LASH OUT
HERE IN THE UNITED STATES.
HERE IN THE UNITED STATES. ISIS,
I THINK, DOESN'T CURRENTL
ISIS, I THINK, DOESN'T CURRENTL
HAVE THE CAPABILITY TO REACH US.
WE'RE A HARDER TARGET TO GET TO
WE'RE A HARDER TARGET
TO GET TO THAN EUROPE.
THAN EUROPE. WE HAVE
FAR FEWER PEOPLE WHO
WE HAVE FAR FEWER PEOPLE WHO
HAVE LEFT THE UNITED STATES TO
HAVE LEFT THE UNITED STATES
TO JOIN THE FIGHT AND HAVE
JOIN THE FIGHT AND
HAVE RETURNED.
RETURNED. BUT OVER THE
LONG TERM, IF ISIS
BUT OVER THE LONG TERM, IF ISIS
IS ABLE TO CONTINUE HOLDING
GROUND IN IRAQ AND SYRIA, IF
THEY'RE CONTINUING TO ALLOW THE
TIME, THE SPACE, AND DEVOTE THE
RESOURCES TO PLOTTING AGAINST
US, WE ARE VULNERABLE TO A
PARIS-STYLE ATTACK, AND THE
CHALLENGES AS THE CHAIRMAN
POINTED OUT IN DEALING WITH
THESE NEW ENCRYPTED TECHNOLOGIES
ALSO ADD TO THE BURDENS OF
ALSO ADD TO THE BURDENS
OF TRYING TO THWART THIS.
TRYING TO THWART THIS. I
THINK IT UNDERSCORES ONE
I THINK IT UNDERSCORES ONE
POINT, JUDIY, AND THAT IS EVEN
WITH THE BEST OF INTELLIGENCE,
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO
STOP A DETERMINED ENEMY THAT IS
ADAPTING TO WHAT YOU'RE DOING IF
THEY HAVE THAT TIME AND SPACE TO
THEY HAVE THAT TIME AND
SPACE TO PLOT AGAINST YOU.
PLOT AGAINST YOU. SO WE'RE
GOING TO HAVE TO CHANGE
SO WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TO CHANGE
THE DIME OICT BATTLEFIELD IN
IRAQ AND SYRIA, I BELIEVE, TO
REALLY SERIOUSLY DEGRADE THIS
REALLY SERIOUSLY DEGRADE
THIS THREAT TO US.
THREAT TO US. >> Woodruff:
WELL, PICKING UP
>> Woodruff: WELL, PICKING UP
ON WHAT THE U.S. MAY HAVE TO DO
ON THE BATTLEFIELD, CHAIRMAN
ROYCE, I MEAN, IS THERE A CLEAR
PATH AHEAD FOR THE UNITED STATES
TO PURSUE WHEN IT COMES TO
CONFRONTING ISIS IN IRAQ AND
CONFRONTING ISIS
IN IRAQ AND SYRIA?
SYRIA? >> I THINK THERE IS.
>> I THINK THERE IS. I THINK
THAT IN TERMS OF MOST OF
I THINK THAT IN TERMS OF MOST OF
THE FIGHTING ON THE GROUND, YOU
HAVE A BATTLE GOING ON ALONG A
HAVE A BATTLE GOING ON ALONG
A 650-MILE FRONT TODAY.
650-MILE FRONT TODAY. IT
IS BETWEEN KURDISHING
IT IS BETWEEN KURDISHING
PESHMERGA FORCES AND SOME U.A.E.
FORCES FIGHTING AGAINST ISIS.
THEY DO NOT CURRENTLY HAVE AT
THEY DO NOT CURRENTLY HAVE
AT THEIR DIPOSAL THE TYPE OF
THEIR DIPOSAL THE TYPE
OF WEAPONRY THEY NEED.
WEAPONRY THEY NEED. THEY
DON'T HAVE THE ARTILLERY
THEY DON'T HAVE THE ARTILLERY
AND THE LONG-RANGE MORTARS, THE
AND THE LONG-RANGE MORTARS,
THE ANTI-ATTENTION WEAPONS.
ANTI-ATTENTION WEAPONS. WE
HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO GO
WE HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO GO
AROUND BAGHDAD THAT DOESN'T WANT
US NECESSARILY TO ARM THE KURDS
BUT TO GIVE THEM THAT WEAPONRY
TO MAKE THOSE 180,000 SOLDIERS--
30% OF THEM WOMEN, BY THE WAY--
MORE EFFECTIVE IN THAT FIGHT.
I THINK WE SHOULD DO THAT.
I THINK WE SHOULD DO THAT. I
THINK WE SHOULD ALSO WORK MORE
I THINK WE SHOULD ALSO WORK MORE
CLOSELY WITH THE SUNNI TRIBES IN
THE AREA THAT ARE FIGHTING ISIS.
AND LASTLY, I THINK WE SHOULD
GIVE THEM A CLOSER AIR SUPPORT,
MORE IN THE WAY OF AIRPOWER USED
IN CONJUNCTION WITH KURDISH
FORCES THAT WOULD RECEIVE MORE
WEAPONRY, TO CARRY OUT THE WAR
ON THE GROUND AND BEGIN TO ROLL
ON THE GROUND AND BEGIN
TO ROLL ISIS BACK.
ISIS BACK. BECAUSE WHEN
IT'S PERCEIVED THAT
BECAUSE WHEN IT'S PERCEIVED THAT
ISIS IS LOSING TERRITORY, THAT'S
WHEN IT'S HARDER FOR THEM TO
RECRUIT ON THE INTERNET AND TELL
PEOPLE THAT THEY'RE INVINCIBLE.
PEOPLE THAT THEY'RE
INVINCIBLE. >> Woodruff: SOSS
>> Woodruff: SOSS SCHIFF,
ARE THOSE THE KIND OF
SCHIFF, ARE THOSE THE KIND OF
THINGS THAT YOU OONG FIRST OF
ALL, WOULD YOU SUPPORT THOSE
ALL, WOULD YOU SUPPORT
THOSE KIND OF MEASURES?
KIND OF MEASURES? AND DO
YOU THINK THERE COULD BE
AND DO YOU THINK THERE COULD
BE BIPARTISAN SUPPORT FOR THE
BIPARTISAN SUPPORT FOR THE
ADMINISTRATION TO DO WHAT WE
ADMINISTRATION TO DO
WHAT WE JUST HEARD?
JUST HEARD? >> I CERTAINLY
SUPPORT PROVIDING
>> I CERTAINLY SUPPORT PROVIDING
GREATER MATERIAL SUPPORT TO THE
GREATER MATERIAL SUPPORT TO
THE KURDS, AND IF THE IRAQI
KURDS, AND IF THE IRAQI
GOVERNMENT ISN'T WILLING TO MAKE
THAT HAPPEN SUFFICIENTLY TO
PROVIDE DIRECT SUPPORT FOR THE
PROVIDE DIRECT SUPPORT
FOR THE KURDS.
KURDS. SUPPORT THE
EFFORTS OF THE
SUPPORT THE EFFORTS OF THE
KURDISH ALLIES IN SYRIA.
KURDISH ALLIES IN SYRIA. THEY
HAVE BEEN AMONG THE MOST
THEY HAVE BEEN AMONG THE MOST
EFFECTIVE FIGHTING FORCES.
EFFECTIVE FIGHTING FORCES. THIS
IS A CHALLENGE BECAUSE BOTH
THIS IS A CHALLENGE BECAUSE BOTH
OF THOSE ACTION WOULD ALIENATE,
TO SOME DEGREE, THE IRAQI
GOVERNMENT, AS WELL AS THE
GOVERNMENT, AS WELL AS
THE TURKISH GOVERNMENT.
TURKISH GOVERNMENT. BUT
NONETHELESS, THESE ARE THE
BUT NONETHELESS, THESE ARE THE
PEOPLE FIGHTING ON THE GROUND
AND WE NEED TO SUPPORT THEM.
AND WE NEED TO SUPPORT THEM. YOU
KNOW, I WILL SAY THIS, ALSO,
YOU KNOW, I WILL SAY THIS, ALSO,
THOUGH, I DON'T THINK MERELY
SUPPLYING THE KURDS OR ADDING TO
SUPPLYING THE KURDS OR ADDING
TO THE AERIAL SORTIES OR
THE AERIAL SORTIES OR
INTRODUCTION OF SMALL NUMBERS OF
INTRODUCTION OF SMALL NUMBERS
OF OPERATORS WILL CHANGE THE
OPERATORS WILL CHANGE THE
DYNAMIC ON THE GROUND
AAPPRECIATABLY.
AAPPRECIATABLY. THE KURDS
AREN'T GOING TO BE
THE KURDS AREN'T GOING TO
BE ABLE TO GO INTO LARGE
ABLE TO GO INTO LARGE
NON-KURDISH AREAS.
NON-KURDISH AREAS. AND I
THINK THAT ULTIMATELY
AND I THINK THAT ULTIMATELY
MEANS WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TO
EXPLORE SOME THINGS WE HAVEN'T
WANTED TO, SUCH AS THE
ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUFFER ZONE
OR SAFE ZONE, EXPLORE WITH THE
TURKS AND JORDANIANS WHETHER
THEY'RE WILLING TO PUT THEIR
PEOPLE ON THE GROUND TO POLICE
THAT ZONE IF WE'RE WILLING TO
THAT ZONE IF WE'RE WILLING
TO PROTECT IT FROM THE AIR.
PROTECT IT FROM THE AIR.
THAT, I THINK, WOULD HAVE A
POSSIBILITY OF CHANGING THE
POSSIBILITY OF
CHANGING THE DYNAMIC.
DYNAMIC. AND FINALLY,
AT THE END OF THE
AND FINALLY, AT THE END OF THE
DAY, THE IRAQI GOVERNMENT IS
GOING TO HAVE TO ALLOW SUNNIS TO
GOING TO HAVE TO ALLOW SUNNIS
TO BE INCORPORATED INTO THE
BE INCORPORATED INTO THE
GOVERNMENT AND INTO THE ARMED
GOVERNMENT AND INTO
THE ARMED FORCES.
FORCES. THEY'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO GIVE
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE TO GIVE
THEM AN ALTERNATIVE TO ISIS, OR
THIS PROBLEM IS JUST GOING TO
PURSIFT NO MATTER WHAT WE DO.
>> AND I'LL ADD THAT I AGREE
WITH MY COLLEAGUE ON THE CONCEPT
WITH MY COLLEAGUE ON THE
CONCEPT OF THAT SAFE ZONE.
OF THAT SAFE ZONE. I
THINK IT IS ABSOLUTELY
I THINK IT IS ABSOLUTELY
ESSENTIAL THAT IT BE
ESSENTIAL THAT IT BE ESTABLISHED
ESTABLISHED ALONG THAT
BORDER, AND I THINK
ALONG THAT BORDER, AND I THINK
IT WILL GIVE US A GREAT
ADVANTAGE IN TERMS OF PUSHING
ADVANTAGE IN TERMS OF
PUSHING BACK ISIS.
BACK ISIS. >> Woodruff:
CHAIRMAN ED ROYCE
>> Woodruff: CHAIRMAN ED ROYCE
AND REPRESENTATIVE ADAM SCHIFF,
AND REPRESENTATIVE ADAM
SCHIFF, WE THANK YOU BOTH.
WE THANK YOU BOTH. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >>
Ifill: THE HUNDREDS OF
>> Ifill: THE HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF REFUGEES ENTERING
EUROPE HAVE MADE HEADLINES FOR
EUROPE HAVE MADE
HEADLINES FOR MONTHS.
MONTHS. BUT IN THE
WAKE OF THE PARIS
BUT IN THE WAKE OF THE PARIS
ATTACKS, THERE ARE NEW QUESTIONS
ABOUT HOW THEY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO
ABOUT HOW THEY HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO MAKE THEIR JOURNEY.
MAKE THEIR JOURNEY. AGAIN,
TO RI SHAREENIVASAN IN
AGAIN, TO RI
SHAREENIVASAN IN PARIS.
PARIS. >> Sreenivasan:
THE QUESTION WAS
>> Sreenivasan: THE QUESTION WAS
ALREADY TEARING AT THE FABRIC OF
ALREADY TEARING AT THE
FABRIC OF EUROPE:
EUROPE: HOW TO DEAL
WITH HUNDREDS OF
HOW TO DEAL WITH HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE, MANY
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE,
MANY FLEEING FROM SYRIA.
FLEEING FROM SYRIA. NOW,
THE PARIS ATTACKS --
NOW, THE PARIS ATTACKS --
CLAIMED BY THE ISLAMIC STATE --
HAVE SOME POLITICIANS DEMANDING
HAVE SOME POLITICIANS
DEMANDING CHANGE.
CHANGE. >> I'VE BEEN
SAYING FOR MONTHS
>> I'VE BEEN SAYING FOR MONTHS
THAT THESE REFUGEES HAVE BEEN
THAT ALL THE CHECKS HAD BEEN
MADE AND THAT YOU KNOW IT WAS
TOTALLY SAFE, BUT I WAS SURE
SOMETHING LIKE THAT WOULD
SOMETHING LIKE
THAT WOULD HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. >> Sreenivasan:
WE MET SENATOR
>> Sreenivasan: WE MET SENATOR
JOELLE GARRIAUD MAYLAM, ALONG
JOELLE GARRIAUD MAYLAM,
ALONG THE CHAMPS ELYSEE.
THE CHAMPS ELYSEE.
AMONG HER OFFICIAL ROLES, SHE IS
ON FRANCE'S DEFENSE COMMITTEE.
>> I KNOW MANY PEOPLE WHO'VE
COME FROM BELGIUM, OR YOU KNOW,
SPAIN, WHO HAVEN'T HAD THE
SLIGHTEST CONTROL, AND WHO KNOW
VERY WELL THAT THERE'S WEAPONS
TRAFFICKING, WHICH IS EXTREMELY
TRAFFICKING, WHICH IS
EXTREMELY DANGEROUS.
DANGEROUS. >>
Sreenivasan: THAT KIND OF
>> Sreenivasan: THAT KIND OF
SENTIMENT IS INCREASINGLY
PUTTING REFUGEES ON THE
PUTTING REFUGEES
ON THE DEFENSIVE.
DEFENSIVE. >> THEY
NEED TO SHOW TO PEOPLE
>> THEY NEED TO SHOW TO PEOPLE
THAT THIS IS THE ISLAM.
THAT THIS IS THE ISLAM. THIS
IS NOT ISLAM, THEY ARE NOT
THIS IS NOT ISLAM, THEY ARE NOT
ISLAM AND THEY DON'T KNOW GOD,
ISLAM AND THEY DON'T KNOW
GOD, NEVER, BELIEVE ME.
NEVER, BELIEVE ME. GOD
DIDN'T SAY IN ISLAM TO KILL
GOD DIDN'T SAY IN
ISLAM TO KILL PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. THAT'S NOT
ISLAM, NOT OUR ISLAM.
THAT'S NOT ISLAM, NOT OUR ISLAM.
>> Sreenivasan: TOP EUROPEAN AND
U.N. OFFICIALS SUPPORT THAT
VIEW, WARNING THAT PUBLIC FURY
AGAINST THE ISLAMIC STATE-- OR
"DA'ESH" IN ARABIC-- SHOULD NOT
"DA'ESH" IN ARABIC-- SHOULD
NOT BE MIS-DIRECTED.
BE MIS-DIRECTED. >> WE
CANNOT BLAME THE REFUGEES.
>> WE CANNOT BLAME THE REFUGEES.
REFUGEES ARE THE FIRST VICTIMS
REFUGEES ARE THE FIRST
VICTIMS OF TERROR.
OF TERROR. I THINK
THAT THE STRATEGY OF
I THINK THAT THE STRATEGY OF
DAESH IS EXACTLY TO CREATE AN
ENVIRONMENT OF FEAR, TO MAKE
EUROPEAN COUNTRIES CLOSE THEIR
BORDERS TO SYRIAN REFUGEES AND
ALSO TO DIVIDE OUR SOCIETIES.
>> WE CANNOT BLAME THE REFUGEES
FOR THIS, BECAUSE THEY ARE
ACTUALLY FLEEING AWAY FROM
ACTUALLY FLEEING
AWAY FROM TERRORISM.
TERRORISM. >> Sreenivasan:
FOR HIS PART,
>> Sreenivasan: FOR HIS PART,
FRENCH PRESIDENT FRANCOIS
HOLLANDE SAID TODAY HIS COUNTRY
WILL STICK WITH A PLAN TO TAKE
IN 30,000 REFUGEES OVER THE NEXT
IN 30,000 REFUGEES OVER
THE NEXT TWO YEARS.
TWO YEARS. >> (translated
): HOWEVER, OUR
>> (translated):
HOWEVER, OUR DUTY OF SHOWING
HUMANITY IN
DUTY OF SHOWING HUMANITY IN
REGARDTO RS EFUGEES GOES HAND IN
HAND WITH THE PROTECTION DUTY OF
HAND WITH THE PROTECTION
DUTY OF ALL FRENCH PEOPLE.
ALL FRENCH PEOPLE. >>
Sreenivasan: FRANCE MUST ALSO
>> Sreenivasan: FRANCE MUST ALSO
CHECK BEFORE PEOPLE GET INSIDE
THE EUROPEAN TERRITORY AND THEN
ON FRENCH SOIL, THAT THERE ARE
NO RISKS FOR OUR COUNTRY.
>> Sreenivasan: BUT OTHER
EUROPEAN LEADERS TAKE MUCH
EUROPEAN LEADERS TAKE
MUCH HARDER STANCES.
HARDER STANCES. HUNGARIAN
PRIME MINISTER VIKTOR
HUNGARIAN PRIME MINISTER VIKTOR
ORBAN HAD ERECTED BORDER FENCES
AND CONDEMNED THE FLOW OF MUSLIM
MIGRANTS-- EVEN BEFORE PARIS.
MIGRANTS-- EVEN BEFORE
PARIS. AND NOW:
AND NOW: >> (translated
): IT HAS BEEN
>> (translated): IT HAS
BEEN PROVEN THAT THE TERRORISTS,
PROVEN THAT THE TERRORISTS,
KNOWINGLY AND IN A
WELL-ORGANIZED MANNER, USE THE
MASS MIGRATION TO BLEND IN AMONG
THE MASSES OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE
LEFT THEIR HOMES IN THE HOPE OF
LEFT THEIR HOMES IN THE
HOPE OF A BETTER LIFE.
A BETTER LIFE. WE DON'T
THINK THAT EVERYONE WHO
WE DON'T THINK THAT EVERYONE WHO
COMES FROM THERE IS A TERRORIST,
>> Sreenivasan: FOR THE PAST 20
YEARS, PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ABLE TO
MOVE FREELY ACROSS 26 COUNTRIES
THROUGH WHAT'S KNOWN AS THE
THROUGH WHAT'S KNOWN AS
THE SCHENGEN AGREEMENT.
SCHENGEN AGREEMENT. AFTER
FRIDAY NIGHT'S ATTACKS,
AFTER FRIDAY NIGHT'S ATTACKS,
THAT VERY IDEA OF AN OPEN EUROPE
THAT VERY IDEA OF AN OPEN
EUROPE IS UNDER THREAT.
IS UNDER THREAT. IS THIS
THE END OF SCHENGEN AS
IS THIS THE END OF
SCHENGEN AS WE KNOW IT?
WE KNOW IT? >> PROBABLY,
VERY LIKELY, IT'S
>> PROBABLY, VERY LIKELY, IT'S
THE END PROBABLY OF A NUMBER OF
THINGS, INCLUDING THE WAY THE
E.U. OPERATES AND E.H.-- THE WAY
THE E.U. OPERATES AND THE WAY
THE E.U. SEES ITSELF AND ITS
THE E.U. SEES ITSELF
AND ITS FUTURE.
FUTURE. >> Sreenivasan:
FRANCOIS GERE IS
>> Sreenivasan: FRANCOIS GERE IS
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE FRENCH
STRATEGIC ANALYSIS INSTITUTE, HE
STUDIES CONFLICTS AND TERRORISM.
GERE IS SYMPATHETIC TO THE
PLIGHT OF THE MIGRANTS BUT TO
HIM THE SHEER NUMBERS POSE A
HIM THE SHEER NUMBERS
POSE A PROBLEM.
PROBLEM. >> IF ON
FOR INSTANCE 1,000
>> IF ON FOR INSTANCE
1,000 MIGRANTS YOU HAVE
MIGRANTS YOU HAVE 0.1
TERRORISTS, WELL IT'S ENOUGH
0.1 TERRORISTS, WELL IT'S ENOUGH
TO HAVE-- TO CREATE A CELL FOR
TO HAVE-- TO CREATE A CELL
FOR ANY KIND OF AGGRESSION.
ANY KIND OF AGGRESSION. >>
Sreenivasan: THOSE LIKELY TO
>> Sreenivasan: THOSE LIKELY
TO FEEL ANY CHANGES TO BORDER
FEEL ANY CHANGES TO BORDER
CONTROLS FIRST ARE FREQUENT
TRAVELERS LIKE STEPHAN VIALLET
WHOM WE MET AT THE GARE DU NORDE
TRAIN STATION ON HIS WEEKLY TRIP
TO BELGIUM WITHOUT THE NEED FOR
TO BELGIUM WITHOUT THE
NEED FOR A PASSPORT.
A PASSPORT. >> WE'RE
AT A POINT WHERE WE
>> WE'RE AT A POINT WHERE WE
NEED TO DO SOMETHING THAT'S
RADICALLY DIFFERENT FROM WHAT WE
CURRENTLY EXPERIENCE, OTHERWISE
WE CAN'T CONTROL AND IN THE CASE
OF EVENTS LIKE THESE ONES, WE'RE
OF EVENTS LIKE THESE ONES,
WE'RE COMPLETELY LOST.
COMPLETELY LOST. >>
Sreenivasan: THE ATTACKS,
>> Sreenivasan: THE ATTACKS,
HAVE FORCED SOME TRAVELERS TO
HAVE FORCED SOME TRAVELERS
TO LET THE SCALES TIP TOWARD
LET THE SCALES TIP
TOWARD SECURITY.
SECURITY. >> WE LOSE A
LOT OF THE PEACE OF
>> WE LOSE A LOT OF THE PEACE OF
LIBERTY BUT WE WIN MAYBE ANOTHER
LIBERTY, ANOTHER FREEDOM, YOU
LIBERTY, ANOTHER FREEDOM,
YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN?
SEE WHAT I MEAN? >>
Sreenivasan: OTHERS ARE
>> Sreenivasan:
OTHERS ARE HESITANT.
HESITANT. >> (translated
): THE POINT IS
>> (translated): THE
POINT IS WE SHOULD NOT GIVE UP
OUR RIGHTS
WE SHOULD NOT GIVE UP OUR RIGHTS
THAT WE FOUGHT FOR, THE LIBERTY
THAT WE FOUGHT FOR, THE
LIBERTY OF MOVING.
OF MOVING. >> Sreenivasan:
AND EVEN MORE
>> Sreenivasan: AND EVEN MORE
FUEL IN THE DEBATE CAME JUST
FUEL IN THE DEBATE CAME
JUST TODAY, IN TURKEY.
TODAY, IN TURKEY.
AUTHORITIES DETAINED EIGHT
PEOPLE AT ISTANBUL'S MAIN
AIRPORT, AND SAID THEY WERE
SUSPECTED ISLAMIC STATE
MILITANTS, PLANNING TO MAKE
THEIR WAY TO GERMANY, POSING AS
THEIR WAY TO GERMANY,
POSING AS REFUGEES.
REFUGEES. >> Ifill:
FOR MORE ON GROWING
>> Ifill: FOR MORE ON GROWING
CALLS TO RESTRICT THE
UNPRECEDENTED MIGRATION FLOWING
INTO EUROPE AND BEYOND, WE TURN
INTO EUROPE AND BEYOND, WE
TURN TO FORMER BRITISH FOREIGN
TO FORMER BRITISH FOREIGN
SECRETARY DAVID MILIBAND, WHO IS
SECRETARY DAVID MILIBAND, WHO
IS NOW PRESIDENT AND CEO OF THE
NOW PRESIDENT AND CEO OF THE
INTERNATIONAL RESCUE COMMITTEE.
UN SS IS A ESAT SL
ESAT SL ADVANCED
INTERNATIONAL STUDIES
ADVANCED INTERNATIONAL STUDIES
AT JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY.
MR. MILIBAND, HAVE THE ATTACKS
IN PARIS AND BEIRUT CHANGED
IN PARIS AND BEIRUT
CHANGED EVERYTHING?
EVERYTHING? >> I THINK
THEY HAVE BROUGHT A
>> I THINK THEY HAVE BROUGHT A
NEW LEVEL OF URGENCY AND CLARITY
TO THE CHALLENGES FACING NOT
JUST WESTERN POLITICIANS BUT
ACTUALLY POLITICIANS AROUND THE
ACTUALLY POLITICIANS
AROUND THE GLOBE.
GLOBE. THE EUROPEAN
REFUGEE CRISIS HAS
THE EUROPEAN REFUGEE CRISIS HAS
CREPT UP ON THE EUROPEAN UNION
OVER THE LAST THREE OR FOUR
YEARS WHEN THE ATTENTION WAS
FOCUSED OFOCUSED ON THE EURO CRD
THE RUSSIAN INTERVENTION IN
THE RUSSIAN INTERVENTION
IN UKRAINE.
UKRAINE. THE REFUGEE
CRISIS IS NOW CENTER
THE REFUGEE CRISIS IS NOW CENTER
STAGE AND IT'S CENTER STAGE FOR
ALL THE WRONG REASONS AND NOT
JUST THE HORRIFIC BOMBINGS IN
BEIRUT, THE APPALLING ATTACKS IN
BEIRUT, THE APPALLING ATTACKS
IN FRANCE, BUT, OBVIOUSLY, THE
FRANCE, BUT, OBVIOUSLY, THE
ONGOING TRAGEDY INSIDE SYRIA
ONGOING TRAGEDY
INSIDE SYRIA ITSELF.
ITSELF. I THINK THE
IMPORTANT THING IS
I THINK THE IMPORTANT THING IS
THAT THEY CHANGE SOME THINGS.
THE APPALLING ATTACKS DO NEED TO
THE APPALLING ATTACKS DO NEED
TO BRING A NEW LEVEL OF RIGOR,
BRING A NEW LEVEL OF RIGOR,
CLARITY, AND CONSISTENCY TO THE
WAY IN WHICH THE POLITICAL
SETTLEMENT IS SA SOUGHT IN SYRI.
THEY DO NEED TO BRING A NEW
LEVEL OF HUMANITY TO THE VERY,
VERY DIFFICULT SITUATION FACED
BY THE REFUGEES IN NEIGHBORING
STATES, FOUR OR FIVE MILLION OF
STATES, FOUR OR FIVE
MILLION OF THEM.
THEM. OF COURSE,
THEY NEED TO BRING
OF COURSE, THEY NEED TO BRING
INCREASED COORDINATION ON THE
SECURITY FRONT, ACROSS EUROPE
AND WITH U.S. HAS TO BE SAID THE
U.S. SITUATION IS DRAMATICALLY
DIFFERENT FROM THAT IN EUROPE.
>> AMBASSADOR SIMONYI, HUNGARY
HAS TAKEN A HARD LINE ON THIS
IDEA OF MIGRATION, AND I WONDER
WHETHER YOU SEE ANY CONNECTION
BETWEEN THAT DEBATE AND THE
DEBATE WE HAVE SEEN ABOUT WHO IS
BEHIND THESE BOMBINGS IN PARIS,
BEHIND THESE BOMBINGS
IN PARIS, ESPECIALLY.
ESPECIALLY. >> OF COURSE,
THESE ISSUES ARE
>> OF COURSE, THESE
ISSUES ARE CONNECTED.
CONNECTED. THERE ARE
THREE THINGS ONE IS
THERE ARE THREE THINGS ONE
IS THE REFUGEE CRISIS, AND
THE REFUGEE CRISIS, AND
HOMEGROWN TERRORISM.
HOMEGROWN TERRORISM. THESE
ARE A VERY, VERY DANGEROUS
THESE ARE A VERY, VERY DANGEROUS
MIX VERY EXPLOSIVE MIX.
I DO NOT AGREE WITH THE
HUNGARIAN GOVERNMENT'S LINE THAT
A TOTAL ISOLATION, BUILDING A
BARBED WIRE AROUND HUNGARY, NOT
LETTING IN ANY REFUGEES WITHOUT
DISCRIMINATION IS GOING TO DO
DISCRIMINATION IS GOING
TO DO THE TRICK.
THE TRICK. BUT ONE
THING-- LET ME GET BACK
BUT ONE THING-- LET ME GET BACK
TO THE QUESTION THAT YOU ASKED
TO THE QUESTION THAT YOU
ASKED MR. MILIBAND.
MR. MILIBAND. I DO T
THINK IT HAS CHANGED
I DO T THINK IT HAS
CHANGED SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. THERE IS NOW
A GREATER SENSE OF
THERE IS NOW A GREATER SENSE OF
URGENCY IN EUROPE TO FIGURE THIS
OUT AND FIGURE IT OUT TOGETHER.
>> Ifill: WELL, IS URGENCY A
GOOD THING, MR. MILIBAND?
>> THE DANGEREADS TO PANIC.
THE ISSUE OF THE FAKE, NOW
CLEARLY FAKE SYRIAN PASSPORT
THAT BECAME A STORY OVER THE
WEEKEND, I'M AFRAID IT'S THE SAD
TRUTH THAT THE LIE IS HALFWAY
AROUND THE WORLD BEFORE THE
TRUTH GETS ITS BOOS BOOTS ON.
AND I THINK THE AMBASSADOR IS
RIGHT TO SAY THAT THERE IS REAL
URGENCY NOW ABOUT THREE THINGS.
FIRST OF ALL, THE ISSUE OF HOW
EUROPE IS GOING TO SUPPORT THE
NEIGHBORING STATES OF SYRIA IN
COPING WITH THE REFUGEE LOAD.
SECONDLY, HOW EUROPE IS GOING TO
SECONDLY, HOW EUROPE IS GOING
TO PROCESS THE FIVE, SIX, EVEN
PROCESS THE FIVE, SIX, EVEN
700,000 REFUGEES WHO HAVE
ARRIVED IN EUROPE OVER THE LAST
ARRIVED IN EUROPE OVER
THE LAST YEAR OR SO.
YEAR OR SO. MANY OF THEM
ARE NOW IN GERM ME,
MANY OF THEM ARE NOW IN GERM ME,
MOST OF THEM NOW IN GERMANY.
AND THIRDLY, OBVIOUSLY, THE
ACUTE SECURITY CHALLENGE
RELATING TO THE NEW EVIDENCE
THAT ISIS IS WILLING TO STRIKE
OUTSIDE THE MIDDLE EAST.
OUTSIDE THE MIDDLE EAST. UNTIL
NOW, THE CONSENSUS OPINION
UNTIL NOW, THE CONSENSUS OPINION
AMONG ACADEMICS HAS BEEN THAT
ISIS WAS FOCUSED ON BUILDING THE
SO-CALLED CALIPHATE WITHIN THE
SO-CALLED CALIPHATE
WITHIN THE MIDDLE EAST.
MIDDLE EAST. NOW IT'S
CLEAR THAT ISIS IS
NOW IT'S CLEAR THAT ISIS IS
READY TO STRIKE BEYOND THOSE
BOUNDARIES AND THAT PUTS AN
ABSOLUTE PREMIUM ON THE SECURITY
EFFORT IN RESPECT OF THE
HOMEGROWN PROBLEM THAT THE
AMBASSADOR HAS PUT HIS FINGER
AMBASSADOR HAS PUT
HIS FINGER ON.
ON. >> Ifill: BUT,
MR. AMBASSADOR,
>> Ifill: BUT, MR. AMBASSADOR,
I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
CONFLATION QUESTION, THE DANGERS
CONFLATION QUESTION,
THE DANGERS OF THAT.
OF THAT. OBVIOUSLY,
URGENCY, WHEN THERE
OBVIOUSLY, URGENCY, WHEN THERE
IS A CRISIS IS NOT NECESSARILY A
BAD THING, BUT WHAT SHOULD BE
BAD THING, BUT WHAT
SHOULD BE DONE?
DONE? SHOULD IT BE THE E.U.?
SHOULD IT BE THE E.U.?
SHOULD IT BE THE U.N.?
SHOULD IT BE VIENNA.
SHOULD IT BE VIENNA. >>
WHEN I SAY "URGENCY"
>> WHEN I SAY "URGENCY"
DEFINITELY NO PANIC.
DEFINITELY NO PANIC. THERE
ARE THINGS WE HAVE TO DO
THERE ARE THINGS WE HAVE TO DO
IMMEDIATELY AND THEN THERE ARE
THINGS WE HAVE TO FIX LONG TERM.
INTERESTINGLY ENOUGH, YESTERDAY
I CAME ACROSS AN INTERVIEW-- A
REPORT, THAT WAS DONE ABOUT
MOLENBEEK, THE PLACE WHERE THE
TERRORISTS CAME FROM IN PRULSES,
'87, WHICH WAS ALMOST 30 YEARS
AGO, WHICH SUGGESTED IF THEY
DON'T GIVE THESE PEOPLE A CHANCE
TO INTEGRATE INTO SOCIETY, IF
THEY DON'T GIVE THEM JOBS, IF
THEY DON'T GIVE THEM JOBS,
IF THEY DON'T GIVE THEM
THEY DON'T GIVE THEM
OPPORTUNITIES, THIS IS GOING TO
BE AN EXPLOSIVE, AND WE WILL PAY
BE AN EXPLOSIVE, AND WE
WILL PAY A HUGE PRICE.
A HUGE PRICE. NOW,
THERE IS A-- SOME
NOW, THERE IS A-- SOME
INTROSPECTION THAT WE HAVE TO GO
INTROSPECTION THAT WE
HAVE TO GO THROUGH.
THROUGH. BUT I TRULY
BELIEVE THAT-- YOU
BUT I TRULY BELIEVE THAT-- YOU
KNOW, I BELIEVE IF EUROPE CAN
GET OUT OF THIS-- I CALL IT A
MESS-- IT WILL GET OUT OF IT
MESS-- IT WILL GET
OUT OF IT STRONGER.
STRONGER. DEFINITELY,
DISINTEGRATING AND
DEFINITELY, DISINTEGRATING AND
WEAKENING THE EUROPEAN UNION IS
WEAKENING THE EUROPEAN
UNION IS NOT A RESPONSE.
NOT A RESPONSE. LET ME
ALSO ADD THAT I AM-- I
LET ME ALSO ADD THAT I AM-- I
TRULY BELIEVE THIS HAS TO BE A
TRANSATLANTIC ISSUE, AND THE
UNITED STATES AND EUROPE NEEDS
TO COOPERATE VERY, VERY CLOSELY
TO FIND A WAY OUT OF THIS.
TO FIND A WAY OUT OF THIS. >>
Ifill: DAVID MILIBAND, I'M
>> Ifill: DAVID MILIBAND, I'M
SURE YOU'RE KEEPING TRACK, A
MILD WAY OF SAYING, RELUCTANCE,
THE HARSHER WAY OF SAYING
BACKLASH IN THE UNITED STATES OF
THE IDEA OF ACCEPTING ADDITIONAL
THE IDEA OF ACCEPTING
ADDITIONAL REFUGEES.
REFUGEES. IS FREEDOM
COMPATIBLE WITH
IS FREEDOM COMPATIBLE WITH
SECURITY IN MOMENTS LIKE THIS?
>> I THINK NOT ONLY IS FREEDOM
COMPAT WIBL SECURITY, BUT
EFFECTIVE REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT
IS FOUNDED ON EFFECTIVE
IS FOUNDED ON
EFFECTIVE SECURITY.
SECURITY. THE U.S. HAS
A REALLY EXCELLENT
THE U.S. HAS A REALLY EXCELLENT
RECORD IN MAINTAINING THE
SECURITY OF VETTING PROCESS AND
SECURITY OF VETTING PROCESS
AND RESPECT OF REFUGEES.
RESPECT OF REFUGEES. THE
EXTENSIVE NATURE OF THE
THE EXTENSIVE NATURE OF THE
SECURITY VETTING PROCESS IS ONE
OF THE EXPLANATIONS FOR THE FACT
THAT ONLY 2,200 SYRIANS HAVE
BEEN ALLOWED INTO THIS COUNTRY
OVER THE LAST FOUR YEARS.
IT'S A VERY, VERY RIGOROUS
SECURITY VETTING PROCESS, AND
ONE OF THE DANGERS OF THE
CURRENT DEBATE IN THE U.S. IS
THE FACTS GET LOST, AND THE
FACTS ARE 12 TO 15 U.S.
GOVERNMENT AGENCIES, INCLUDING
THE INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES, SPEND
18 TO 24 MONTHS VETTING ALL THE
REFUGEES WHO ARE PUT FORWARD FOR
RESLEM INTO THE U.S., AND I
THINK IT'S VERY IMPORTANT TO
MAINTAIN THE PRINCIPLE THAT
REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT IS AN
AMERICAN SUCCESS STORY THAT
SHOULD BE BUILT ON, CERTAINLY
NOT SOMETHING THAT SHOULD BE
NOT SOMETHING THAT
SHOULD BE BUILT UP.
BUILT UP. >> Ifill:
MR. AMBASSADOR, IS
>> Ifill: MR. AMBASSADOR, IS
THERE ANY SUCH THING AS ENOUGH
VETTING IN CASES LIKE THAT?
>> DON'T COUNT ON 100%,
FOOLPROOF VETTING.
FOOLPROOF VETTING. THAT'S
NOT GOING TO WORK.
THAT'S NOT GOING TO WORK.
BUT I TOTALLY AGREE WITH
BUT I TOTALLY AGREE WITH MR.
MILIBAND, IF WE ALLOW THESE
MR. MILIBAND, IF WE ALLOW THESE
EVENTS TO RESULT IN US GIVING UP
EVENTS TO RESULT IN US GIVING
UP OUR IDEALS, OUR PRINCIPLES--
OUR IDEALS, OUR PRINCIPLES--
WHICH INCLUDES, OF COURSE,
WELCOMING REFUGEES WHO ARE
REALLY, REALLY IN TROUBLE,
RUNNING FROM WAR ZONES-- THEN WE
ARE GIVING UP MORE THAN JUST--
ARE GIVING UP MORE THAN
JUST-- JUST THE REFUGEES.
JUST THE REFUGEES. THEN
WE'RE GIVING UP WHAT OUR
THEN WE'RE GIVING UP WHAT OUR
SOCIETIES ARE SUPPOSED TO BE
SOCIETIES ARE
SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT.
ABOUT. >> Ifill:
DAVE MILIBAND, AND
>> Ifill: DAVE MILIBAND,
AND ANDRAS SIMONYI, FORMER
ANDRAS SIMONYI, FORMER
AMBASSADOR TO THE U.S. FROM
HUNGARY, THANK YOU BOTH VERY
HUNGARY, THANK YOU
BOTH VERY MUCH.
MUCH. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> Woodruff:
SINCE THE ATTACKS,
>> Woodruff: SINCE THE ATTACKS,
THERE'S BEEN LOTS OF CONCERN IN
THERE'S BEEN LOTS OF CONCERN
IN WASHINGTON AND OTHER WORLD
WASHINGTON AND OTHER WORLD
CAPITALS OVER FEARS OF HOW
TERRORISTS CAN COMMUNICATE BY
"GOING DARK," NAMELY USING AN
ARRAY OF TECHNOLOGIES TO HIDE
FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT BEFORE AND
FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT
BEFORE AND AFTER ATTACKS.
AFTER ATTACKS. IN THE
AFTERMATH OF THE PARIS
IN THE AFTERMATH OF THE PARIS
ATTACKS, INVESTIGATORS ARE STILL
HUNTING FOR ANSWERS TO HOW THE
TERRORISTS COMMUNICATED WITH
TERRORISTS COMMUNICATED
WITH EACH OTHER AND ELUDED
EACH OTHER AND
ELUDED SURVEILLANCE.
SURVEILLANCE. BUT THEIR
EYES ARE ON THE NOW
BUT THEIR EYES ARE ON THE NOW
UBIQUITOUS CELL PHONE-- WHICH
CAN SEND CODED INFORMATION USING
CAN SEND CODED INFORMATION
USING FREE, READILY AVAILABLE
FREE, READILY AVAILABLE
TECHNOLOGIES THAT DEFY CRACKING
BY INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES AND
EVEN THE COMPANIES THAT CREATED
EVEN THE COMPANIES
THAT CREATED THEM.
THEM. IN WASHINGTON
YESTERDAY, THE
IN WASHINGTON YESTERDAY,
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SENATE
CHAIRMAN OF THE SENATE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE,
REPUBLICAN RICHARD BURR,
REPUBLICAN RICHARD BURR, SAID
THAT VERY TECHNOLOGY WAS
SAID THAT VERY TECHNOLOGY WAS
PROBABLY AT PLAY IN PARIS.
GLOBALLY WE NEED TO BEGIN THE
DEBATE ON WHAT WE DO WITH
ENCRYPTED NETWORKS BECAUSE IT
MAKES US BLIND TO COMMUNICATIONS
OF POTENTIAL ADVERSARIES.
>> Woodruff: IT'S CALLED
END-TO-END ENCRYPTION-- MEANING
DATA GETS ENCRYPTED, OR LOCKED
AWAY WITH SPECIAL CODES-- ON ONE
AWAY WITH SPECIAL CODES-- ON
ONE WHEN IT REACHES ANOTHER.
WHEN IT REACHES ANOTHER.
POPULAR APPLICATIONS LIKE
"WHATSAPP", APPLE'S "I-MESSAGE",
"THREEMA" AND "TELEGRAM" ALL
"THREEMA" AND "TELEGRAM"
ALL OPERATE THIS WAY.
OPERATE THIS WAY. SOME OF
THE ENCRYPTED APPS, LIKE
SOME OF THE ENCRYPTED APPS,
LIKE "D-STRUX," ALSO EMPLOY
"D-STRUX," ALSO EMPLOY
TECHNOLOGY THAT MAKES MESSAGES
DISAPPEAR AFTER THEY'RE
DELIVERED, LEAVING NO TRACE.
TERRORISTS CONCEAL THEIR WORK
TERRORISTS CONCEAL THEIR
WORK USING OTHER SITES LIKE
USING OTHER SITES
LIKE JUSTPASTE.
JUSTPASTE. IT IS ONE
PLACE THE ISLAMIC
IT IS ONE PLACE THE ISLAMIC
STATE GROUP POSTS MESSAGES AND
CLAIMS OF RESPONSIBILITY WITHOUT
CLAIMS OF RESPONSIBILITY
WITHOUT HAVING TO REGISTER.
HAVING TO REGISTER. THE
"TOR" BROWSER BOUNCES
THE "TOR" BROWSER BOUNCES
COMMUNICATIONS AROUND A
DISTRIBUTED NETWORK OF RELAYS
RUN BY VOLUNTEERS, HIDING BOTH
RUN BY VOLUNTEERS, HIDING
BOTH THE USER'S ACTIVITY AND
THE USER'S ACTIVITY
AND LOCATION.
LOCATION. TERRORIST
GROUPS HAVE EVEN
TERRORIST GROUPS HAVE EVEN
CREATED THEIR OWN ENCRYPTED
EOFTWARE, SPECIFICALLY TO EVAD
DETECTION BY THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY.
SECURITY AGENCY. C.I.A.
DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN
C.I.A. DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN
TODAY WARNED THAT THE DIGITAL
WORLD RESPECTS NO SOVEREIGN
WORLD RESPECTS NO
SOVEREIGN BORDERS.
BORDERS. >> YOU CAN
MOVE THINGS AROUND
>> YOU CAN MOVE THINGS AROUND
THE WORLD AT THE SPEED OF LIGHT,
THE WORLD AT THE SPEED OF
LIGHT, AND HOP AROUND SO MANY
AND HOP AROUND SO MANY
COUNTRIES, AND UNLESS THERE'S
GOING TO BE SOME KIND OF
INTERNATIONAL UNDERSTANDING
ABOUT WHAT IS APPROPRIATE AND
ACCEPTABLE WITHIN THAT DIGITAL
DOMAIN, WE'RE GOING TO FACE A
WORLD OF HURT IN THE FUTURE.
>> Woodruff: THE TECH INDUSTRY
IS AGAINST GIVING UP ENCRYPTED
OR "BACKDOOR" INFORMATION.
IN OCTOBER, THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION BACKED DOWN FROM
ITS EARLIER REQUEST FOR ACCESS,
APPEARING TO ACCEPT THE ARGUMENT
THIS WOULD SIMULTANEOUSLY OPEN
THE DOOR TO HACKERS, CYBER-
CRIMINALS AND TERRORISTS.
CRIMINALS AND TERRORISTS. >>
Woodruff: LET'S BREAK DOWN
>> Woodruff: LET'S BREAK DOWN
SOME OF THE QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHETHER MORE GOVERNMENT ACCESS
WOULD HELP FIGHT TERRORISTS.
STEWART BAKER WAS THE ASSISTANT
SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY
DURING THE GEORGE W. BUSH
ADMINISTRATION AND GENERAL
COUNSEL AT THE NATIONAL SECURITY
AGENCY DURING THE 1990S.
AGENCY DURING THE 1990S. AND
KATE MARTIN CLOSELY WATCHES
AND KATE MARTIN CLOSELY WATCHES
THESE ISSUES AS A SENIOR FELLOW
AT THE CENTER FOR AMERICAN
AT THE CENTER FOR
AMERICAN PROGRESS.
PROGRESS. WELCOME
BACK TO THE PROGRAM.
WELCOME BACK TO THE PROGRAM.
STEWART BAKER TO YOU, FIRST.
STEWART BAKER TO YOU, FIRST. IS
THERE ANY DOUBT IN YOUR MIND
IS THERE ANY DOUBT IN YOUR
MIND THAT WE NOW KNOW ISIS HAS
THAT WE NOW KNOW ISIS HAS
CAPABILITY TO ENCRYPT THAT WE
DIDN'T KNOW THEY HAD BEFORE?
WE HAD CONGRESSMAN ED ROYCE ON
JUST A FEW MINUTES AGO ON THE
PROGRAM, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE, AND
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE,
AND HE DECLARED THAT.
HE DECLARED THAT. >> SO
THERE'S NO DOUBT THAT THEY
>> SO THERE'S NO DOUBT THAT THEY
HAVE THE ABILITY TO ENCRYPT IN
WAYS THAT WE CAN'T BREAK INTO.
WHETHER THEY HAVE USED THAT IN
THIS PARTICULAR ATTACK IS NOT
THIS PARTICULAR
ATTACK IS NOT CLEAR.
CLEAR. BUT THE
FACT IS WE ALL DO.
BUT THE FACT IS WE ALL DO. ANY
OF US COULD DOWNLOAD AN YAP
ANY OF US COULD DOWNLOAD AN YAP
AND HAVE MORE OR LESS PERFECT
AND HAVE MORE OR LESS
PERFECT ENCRYPTION TODAY.
ENCRYPTION TODAY. >>
Woodruff: YOU'RE SAYING
>> Woodruff: YOU'RE SAYING
THERE IS NEW TECHNOLOGY THEY
THERE IS NEW TECHNOLOGY
THEY HAVE THAT'S--
HAVE THAT'S-- >> NOTHING
INDICATION THAT
>> NOTHING INDICATION THAT
THERE'S SOME SPECIAL NEW
ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY THAT
ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY
THAT THEY'RE USING.
THEY'RE USING. MANY OF
THE THINGS THAT ARE
MANY OF THE THINGS THAT ARE
BEING COMPLAINED ABOUT BY THE
SENATORS ARE TOOLS THAT HAVE
SENATORS ARE TOOLS THAT
HAVE BEEN DEVELOPED AND
BEEN DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED OVER THE LAST
COMMERCIALIZED OVER THE
LAST SEVERAL YEARS.
SEVERAL YEARS. >> Woodruff:
STOU SEE THEIR CAPY
>> Woodruff: STOU SEE THEIR
CAPY AFTER THE PARIS ATTACKS?
AFTER THE PARIS ATTACKS? >>
WELL, I DON'T KNOW THAT WE
>> WELL, I DON'T KNOW THAT
WE KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THEIR
KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THEIR
CAPABILITIES WITH REGARD TO
USING ENCRYPTION IN THE PARIS
USING ENCRYPTION IN
THE PARIS ATTACKS.
ATTACKS. WHAT WE KNOW
IS THAT THE FRENCH
WHAT WE KNOW IS THAT THE FRENCH
INTELLIGENCE SERVICES HAD
APPARENTLY IDENTIFIED THE
RINGLEADER AS A TERRORIST BEFORE
RINGLEADER AS A TERRORIST
BEFORE THE ATTACKS.
THE ATTACKS. AND
EVEN WHEN PEOPLE USE
AND EVEN WHEN PEOPLE USE
ENCRYPTION, THEY CAN'T HIDE THE
METADATA WHICH SHOWS WHO THEY'RE
METADATA WHICH SHOWS WHO
THEY'RE COMMUNICATING WITH.
COMMUNICATING WITH. SO
THE ASSOCIATES OF THAT
SO THE ASSOCIATES OF THAT
RINGLEADER WERE KNOWABLE TO THE
FRENCH INTELLIGENCE SERVICE.
FRENCH INTELLIGENCE
SERVICE. ALREADY.
ALREADY. AND SO ONE
WONDERS, YOU KNOW,
AND SO ONE WONDERS, YOU KNOW,
WE'RE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ACCESS
TO INFORMATION, INCLUDING
ENCRYPTED INFORMATION, WHEN IT
HAS A WARRANT IN THE UNITED
HAS A WARRANT IN
THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. BUT ONE HAS
TO WONDER WHY ALL OF
BUT ONE HAS TO WONDER WHY ALL OF
THIS TALK ABOUT ENCRYPTION WHEN
THERE'S NO INDICATION THAT IT
WAS THE PROBLEM IN PARIS ATTACK?
>> THE PROBLEM HERE IS THAT EVEN
WITH A WARRANT, THE F.B.I. WOULD
NOT BE ABLE TO GET ACCESS TO THE
NOT BE ABLE TO GET ACCESS
TO THE COMMUNICATIONS.
COMMUNICATIONS. IF THEY'RE
ENCRYPTED, NO WARRANT
IF THEY'RE ENCRYPTED, NO
WARRANT WILL GET YOU IN.
WILL GET YOU IN. AND THAT'S
THE SOURCE OF MANY OF
AND THAT'S THE SOURCE OF MANY OF
THE OBJECTIONS WE'VE HEARD FROM
THE OBJECTIONS WE'VE HEARD
FROM JIM COMBY AND OTHERS.
JIM COMBY AND OTHERS. THEY
FEEL WE HAVE A SOCIAL
THEY FEEL WE HAVE A SOCIAL
CONTRACT THAT IF WE HAVE A
WARRANT, WE CAN SEE THE
WARRANT, WE CAN
SEE THE MATERIAL.
MATERIAL. NOW THAT
CONTRACT'S BEEN BROKEN
NOW THAT CONTRACT'S BEEN
BROKEN BY THIS NEW TECHNOLOGY.
BY THIS NEW TECHNOLOGY. >>
Woodruff: AS WE UNDERSTAND
>> Woodruff: AS WE UNDERSTAND
IT, THE ADMINISTRATION BACKED
OFF ON ITS URGENT REQUEST THAT
OFF ON ITS URGENT REQUEST
THAT THE TECHNOLOGY PROVIDE A
THE TECHNOLOGY PROVIDE A
BACKDOOR TO THIS TECHNOLOGY THAT
BACKDOOR TO THIS
TECHNOLOGY THAT GIVES--
GIVES-- >> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> THAT'S RIGHT. >>
Woodruff: I DON'T THINK
>> Woodruff: I DON'T THINK
ANYONE ARGUES IT HAS THE
POTENTIAL TO GIVE TERRORISTAISE
TOOL THAT THEY DON'T NOW HAVE.
>> WELL, BUT, THE TOOL IS A
>> WELL, BUT, THE TOOL
IS A LIMITED TOOL.
LIMITED TOOL. IT'S
A POWERFUL TOOL.
IT'S A POWERFUL TOOL. BUT IT
DOESN'T HIDE WHO THEY ARE
BUT IT DOESN'T HIDE WHO THEY
ARE COMMUNICATING WITH.
COMMUNICATING WITH. AND ON
THE OTHER SIDE, WHAU.S. R
AND ON THE OTHER SIDE, WHAU.S. R
REQUIRES OF U.S. COMPANIES IS
GOING TO DO NOTHING TO STOP THE
AVAILABILITY OF ENCRYPTION
THAT'S DEVELOPED OVERSEAS.
>> I THINK YOU'VE SAID THAT
>> I THINK YOU'VE
SAID THAT TWICE NOW.
TWICE NOW. I JUST DON'T
THINK IT'S TRUE.
I JUST DON'T THINK IT'S TRUE.
ENCRYPTION USED TO PROVIDE TOR,
ENCRYPTION USED TO PROVIDE
TOR, WHICH WAS ONE OF THE
WHICH WAS ONE OF THE
TECHNOLOGIES THAT WAS DISCUSSED
HERE, ALSO ALLOWS TO YOU ANON
MYSELF WHO YOU'RE TALKING TO.
YOU CAN'T TELL WHO IS SENDING
THE MESSAGE TO THIS PERSON
BECAUSE IT'S RUN THROUGH SEVERAL
DIFFERENT ENCRYPTED NODES, WHEN
IT IT COMES OUT IT'S NOT TIED TO
IT IT COMES OUT IT'S NOT TIED
TO THE PERSON WHO SENT IT.
THE PERSON WHO SENT IT.
NOW IT'S UNREADABLE AND
NOW IT'S UNREADABLE
AND UNTRACEABLE.
UNTRACEABLE. >> Woodruff:
STEWART BAKER,
>> Woodruff: STEWART BAKER,
LET ME STAY WITH YOU, THEN.
WHAT SHOULD THE GOVERNMENT
WHAT SHOULD THE
GOVERNMENT CAPACITY BE?
CAPACITY BE? >> THI THIS
IS A VERY HARD SOCIL
>> THI THIS IS A VERY
HARD SOCIL PROBLEM.
PROBLEM. MY SENSE
IS THAT IN THE U.S.
MY SENSE IS THAT IN THE
U.S. THIS IS GOING TO BE A
THIS IS GOING TO BE A
SIGNIFICANT DEBATE.
SIGNIFICANT DEBATE. HOW MUCH
PRIVACY DO EXPWEEPT HOW
HOW MUCH PRIVACY DO EXPWEEPT HOW
MUCH IN THE WAY OF TERRORIST
COMMUNICATIONS ARE WE WILLING TO
COMMUNICATIONS ARE WE
WILLING TO TOLERATE?
TOLERATE? I DON'T
THINK THAT DEBATE IS
I DON'T THINK THAT DEBATE IS
GOING TO BE ANYWHERE NEAR AS
DIFFICULT IN THE REST OF THE
DIFFICULT IN THE
REST OF THE WORLD.
WORLD. WE SAW ONE OF OUR CLOSEST
WE SAW ONE OF OUR CLOSEST
ALLIES, THE U.K., COME CLOSE TO
ALLIES, THE U.K., COME
CLOSE TO REQUIRING ACCESS.
REQUIRING ACCESS. THE FRENCH
ARE LIKELY TO RESPOND
THE FRENCH ARE LIKELY TO RESPOND
TO THIS BY SAYING, "IT'S THOSE
AMERICAN COMPANIES WHO MADE US
AMERICAN COMPANIES WHO
MADE US LESS SAFE."
LESS SAFE." AND I
PREDICT THEY'LL START
AND I PREDICT THEY'LL
START REGULATING.
REGULATING. >> WELL, I
HOPE THAT BEFORE THEY
>> WELL, I HOPE THAT BEFORE THEY
TURN ALL THEIR ATTENTION TO "OH,
WE NEED MORE SURVEILLANCE, OR WE
WE NEED MORE SURVEILLANCE, OR
WE NEED TO STOP COMMERCIALLY
NEED TO STOP COMMERCIALLY
AVAILABLE ENCRYPTION," WHICH I
THINK IS PROBABLY IMPOSSIBLE TO
THINK IS PROBABLY IMPOSSIBLE
TO DO, THAT HARD LOOK
DO, THAT HARD LOOK AT WHY
DID THE FRENCH FAIL TO
AT WHY DID THE FRENCH FAIL TO
PREVENT OR WERE THEY-- WAS IT
IMPOSSIBLE TO PREVENT THAT
IMPOSSIBLE TO PREVENT
THAT ATTACK?
ATTACK? AND COME UP WITH AN
AND COME UP WITH AN
UNDERSTANDING OF WHAT THE
PROBLEM WAS BEFORE TALKING ABOUT
SOLUTIONS THAT AREN'T RELATED TO
THE-- WHAT SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN
THE-- WHAT SEEMS TO
HAVE BEEN THE PROBLEM.
THE PROBLEM. >> Woodruff:
SKEWS ME, FOR TODA,
>> Woodruff: SKEWS ME, FOR TODA,
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE F.C.C. HAS
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE F.C.C.
HAS SAID IT'S TIME FOR THE
SAID IT'S TIME FOR THE
GOVERNMENT TO LOOK AT
STRENGTHENING THE WIRETAP LAWS.
HE TALKED ABOUT THE USE OF THE
GAME PLAYSTATION 4 AND SAID
WE'VE GOT TO LOOK AT CHANGING
THE LAW TO UPDATE OUR ABLE TO
DEAL WITH THIS EMERGING THREAT.
>> WELL, IT IS INTERESTING THAT
>> WELL, IT IS INTERESTING
THAT BACK IN THE 90s, THE
BACK IN THE 90s, THE
GOVERNMENT WAS FACED WITH
DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY FOR
TELEPHONES, CUTTING OFF OUR
ACCESS TO WIRETAPS, AND IT SAID
ACCESS TO WIRETAPS, AND IT
SAID WE'RE GOING TO REGULATE
WE'RE GOING TO REGULATE
EVERYBODY WHO PROVIDES TELEPHONE
SERVICE, EVEN THE NEW CELL PHONE
SERVICE, EVEN THE NEW
CELL PHONE PROVIDERS.
PROVIDERS. THEY'VE ENDED
THAT TO VOICE OVER
THEY'VE ENDED THAT TO VOICE
OVER INTERNET COMMUNICATIONS.
INTERNET COMMUNICATIONS. AND
IT SOUNDS AS THOUGH HE'S AT
AND IT SOUNDS AS THOUGH HE'S AT
LEAST EXPLORING THE IDEA THAT
OTHER TOOLS THAT ALLOW REQUIREM.
>> Woodruff: AND YOU THINK
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA?
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA? >>
WELL, IT'S VERY HARD TO
>> WELL, IT'S VERY HARD TO
ACTUALLY ENFORCE THOSE RULES
AGAINST PEOPLE WHO ARE JUST
RELEASING APPS BECAUSE THEY
COULD BE ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD.
IT'S A MAJOR REGULATORY DHOJ
ACTUALLY MAKE THAT WORK.
ACTUALLY MAKE THAT WORK. >>
IT DOESN'T SEEM WORKABLE.
>> IT DOESN'T SEEM WORKABLE. AND
IT SEEMS A DIVERSION AND I'M
AND IT SEEMS A DIVERSION AND I'M
AFRAID IT'S A DIVERSION FROM
WHAT SHOULD WE REALLY DO AND
WHAT CAN WE REALLY DO TO STOP
THE NEXT ATTACK LIKE THE ONE
THAT HAPPENED IN PARIS?
THAT HAPPENED IN PARIS? >>
Woodruff: YOU MEAN IN THE
>> Woodruff: YOU MEAN IN THE
NON-SURVEILLANCE ARENA?
NON-SURVEILLANCE ARENA? >>
OH, NO, SURVEILLANCE IS ONE
>> OH, NO, SURVEILLANCE IS ONE
TOOL THAT'S VERY IMPORTANT, AND
IT'S JUST NOT TRUE THAT IT'S
IT'S JUST NOT TRUE THAT
IT'S TOTALLY GOING DARK.
TOTALLY GOING DARK. IT'S
BEEN MADE A LITTLE BIT MORE
IT'S BEEN MADE A LITTLE BIT MORE
DIFFICULT, BUT THE N.S.A., THE
DIFFICULT, BUT THE N.S.A.,
THE F.B.I., AND THE FRENCH
F.B.I., AND THE FRENCH
INTELLIGENCE HAVE MASSIVE
NUMBERS OF WAYS TO CONDUCT
NUMBERS OF WAYS TO
CONDUCT SURVEILLANCE.
SURVEILLANCE. AND IT'S
ALSO NOT TRUE THAT
AND IT'S ALSO NOT TRUE THAT
OF,AISE UNDERSTAND IT, THAT THE
COMPUTER SCIENTISTS ARE PRETTY
CLEERCLEAR THAT METADATA IS STIL
AVAILABLE TO SHOW A PERSON'S
ASSOCIATES AND THAT THERE'S NO
WAY TO HIDE ALL OF THAT IN SOME
WAY TO HIDE ALL OF
THAT IN SOME WAY.
WAY. >> Woodruff: WELL, YOU'RE
>> Woodruff: WELL, YOU'RE
REFERRING TO THE MASSIVE
COLLECTION OF DATA ABOUT
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN PEOPLE
WHETHER IT'S TELEPHONE AND ON
WHETHER IT'S TELEPHONE
AND ON THE INTERNET.
THE INTERNET. WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO LEAVE IT
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO LEAVE IT THERE.
THERE. THIS IS,
CLEARLY, SOMETHING
THIS IS, CLEARLY, SOMETHING
WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE CONTINUING
WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE
CONTINUING TO TALK ABOUT.
TO TALK ABOUT. KATE
MARTIN, STEWART BAKER, WE
KATE MARTIN, STEWART
BAKER, WE THANK YOU BOTH.
THANK YOU BOTH. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> Ifill:
PARIS IS NO STRANGER
>> Ifill: PARIS IS NO
STRANGER TO TRAGEDY.
TO TRAGEDY. EXTREMISTS
HAVE TARGETED THE
EXTREMISTS HAVE TARGETED THE
CITY A NUMBER OF TIMES IN THE
CITY A NUMBER OF TIMES
IN THE PAST DECADE.
PAST DECADE. THE WOUNDS
WERE STILL FRESH FROM
THE WOUNDS WERE STILL FRESH
FROM THIS YEAR'S ASSAULT ON A
THIS YEAR'S ASSAULT ON A
SATIRICAL MAGAZINE AND JEWISH
MARKET WHEN FRIDAY'S ATTACKS
MARKET WHEN FRIDAY'S
ATTACKS UNFOLDED.
UNFOLDED. WE WONDERED
WHY FRANCE, NOW, HAS
WE WONDERED WHY FRANCE, NOW,
HAS BECOME SUCH A TARGET?
BECOME SUCH A TARGET?
FORMER NEW YORK TIMES PARIS
BUREAU CHIEF ELAINE SCIOLINO HAS
BEEN WRITING FROM FRANCE SINCE
BEEN WRITING FROM
FRANCE SINCE 2002.
2002. SHE EXPLAINS
FOR US THE SOCIAL
SHE EXPLAINS FOR US THE SOCIAL
AND POLITICAL DYNAMICS BEHIND
AND POLITICAL DYNAMICS
BEHIND THE RECENT VIOLENCE.
THE RECENT VIOLENCE. >>
FRANCE HAS LONG HAD A NORTH
>> FRANCE HAS LONG HAD A NORTH
AFRICAN MUSLIM POPULATION.
I MEAN, FRANCE COLONIZED
ALGERIA, AND MANY ALGERIAN
MUSLIMS MOVED TO FRANCE.
THIS HAS BEEN THIS WAY FOR
THIS HAS BEEN THIS
WAY FOR DECADES.
DECADES. AND MOST
FRENCH MUSLIMS ARE WELL
AND MOST FRENCH MUSLIMS ARE WELL
INTEGRATED INTO FRENCH SOCIETY.
BUT THERE IS A HUGE SWATH OF
YOUNG PEOPLE WHO ARE FRENCH
CITIZENS WHAT DOESN'T FEEL
FRENCH, THAT FEELS ALIENATED.
FRENCH, THAT FEELS
ALIENATED. WHY?
WHY? BECAUSE THERE IS TERRIBLE
BECAUSE THERE IS TERRIBLE
ANCE IS SUFFERING FROM A
HORRIBLE ECONOMIC CRISIS.
UNEMPLOYMENT IN FRANCE IS MORE
UNEMPLOYMENT IN FRANCE
IS MORE THAN 10%.
THAN 10%. IT'S A RECORD HIGH.
IT'S A RECORD HIGH. AMONG
YOUNG MUSLIMS, MANY OF
AMONG YOUNG MUSLIMS, MANY OF
WHOM LE INIV THE TROUBLED
SUBURBS THAT RING PARIS AND
OTHER MAJOR METROPOLITAN AREAS,
OTHER MAJOR METROPOLITAN
AREAS, IT'S UPWARDS OF 40%.
IT'S UPWARDS OF 40%.
IF YOU'VE GOT NO HOPE.
IF YOU'VE GOT NO HOPE. YOU'VE
GOT NO ACCESS TO EQUAL
YOU'VE GOT NO ACCESS TO EQUAL
EDUCATION OR JOBS OR HOUSING,
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
IT'S VERY EASY TO TAKE A BUS
FROM PARIS TO ISTANBUL AND THEN
FROM PARIS TO ISTANBUL AND
THEN GO OVER LAND INTO SYRIA.
GO OVER LAND INTO SYRIA. IT'S
A KIND OF SUMMER CAMP, A
IT'S A KIND OF SUMMER CAMP, A
SUMMER'S TERRORIST TRAINING
SUMMER'S TERRORIST
TRAINING CAMP.
CAMP. TO A CERTAIN
EXTENT, MUSLIMS IN
TO A CERTAIN EXTENT, MUSLIMS
IN FRANCE FEEL STIGMATIZED.
FRANCE FEEL STIGMATIZED. THERE
HAS BEEN A LAW SINCE 1905
THERE HAS BEEN A LAW SINCE 1905
THAT SEPARATES CHURCH AND STATE.
, OR SECULARISM, SO THE FRENCH
NATIONAL IDEAL OF REPUBLICAN
VALUES IS TRIUMPHANT.
VALUES IS TRIUMPHANT. BUT
MUSLIMS DON'T OFTEN FIT INTO
BUT MUSLIMS DON'T OFTEN FIT INTO
THIS COOKIE-CUTTER MODEL WHAT IT
THIS COOKIE-CUTTER MODEL
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE FRENCH.
MEANS TO BE FRENCH. MUSLIM
WOMEN, FOR EXAMPLE,
MUSLIM WOMEN, FOR EXAMPLE,
BELIEVE THEY SHOULD WEAR A HEAD
BELIEVE THEY SHOULD
WEAR A HEAD SCARF.
SCARF. IN 2004, A LAW WAS PASSED
IN 2004, A LAW WAS PASSED
BANNING THE WEARING OF HEAD
SCARVES IN FRENCH SCHOOLS.
SCARVES IN FRENCH SCHOOLS. IT
WAS COUCHED AS A GENERAL RULE
IT WAS COUCHED AS A GENERAL RULE
AGAINST OSTENSIBLE SIGNS OF
RELIGION SO THAT YOU COULDN'T
WEAR A LARGE CHRISTIAN CROSS,
WEAR A LARGE CHRISTIAN
CROSS, FOR EXAMPLE.
FOR EXAMPLE. BUT IT WAS
LARGELY AIMED AT THE
BUT IT WAS LARGELY AIMED AT THE
MUSLIM POPULATION OF FRANCE.
THERE'S, LIKE, A CULTURAL DIVIDE
THAT IS ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE
WITH THESE RECENT ATTACKS
BECAUSE THE FAR RIGHT IS USING
THESE ATTACKS TO INSTILL FEAR IN
THE FRENCH POPULATION, THAT ALL
IMMIGRATION IS BAD, THAT THERE
HAVE TO BE MORE MEASURES FOR LAW
AND ORDER AND PROTECTION OF THE
COUNTRY, AND THAT SOMEHOW,
IMMIGRATION MEANS MUSLIMS, MEANS
RADICALIZATION, MEANS TERRORISM.
RADICALIZATION, MEANS
TERRORISM. PARIS IS PARIS.
PARIS IS PARIS. PARIS
HAS BEEN UNDER SIEGE
PARIS HAS BEEN UNDER
SIEGE BEFORE.
BEFORE. PARIS HAS
SEEN A LOT WORSE.
PARIS HAS SEEN A LOT WORSE.
AND PARIS WILL THRIVE.
AND PARIS WILL THRIVE. >>
Woodruff: AND WE END THE
>> Woodruff: AND WE END THE
NIGHT AT THE CAFES OF PARIS,
WHERE HARIS SREENIVASAN FINDS
THE SPIRIT OF THE CITY OF LIGHTS
THE SPIRIT OF THE CITY OF
LIGHTS STILL SHINES BRIGHT.
STILL SHINES BRIGHT. >>
Sreenivasan: GERALDINE PAMART
>> Sreenivasan: GERALDINE PAMART
AND CHARLISE COQUEDA ARE ART
STUDENTS WHO LOST CLASSMATES IN
STUDENTS WHO LOST CLASSMATES
IN LAST FRIDAY'S ATTACK.
LAST FRIDAY'S ATTACK. YET
TONIGHT, THEY'RE BACK AT A
YET TONIGHT, THEY'RE BACK
AT A NEIGHBORHOOD CAFE.
NEIGHBORHOOD CAFE. >> SHE
LOOKED AT ME AND SHE
>> SHE LOOKED AT ME AND SHE
ASKED ME IS IT A PROBLEM FOR YOU
TO BE OUTSIDE ON THE TERRACE?
I SAID OF COURSE NOT.
I SAID OF COURSE NOT. >>
Sreenivasan: WHY DID YOU
>> Sreenivasan: WHY DID
YOU INK THIT MIGHT BE?
INK THIT MIGHT BE? >> (
translated): WE'RE A
>> (translated): WE'RE
A LITTLE SCARED, WE WATCH CARS
GO
LITTLE SCARED, WE WATCH CARS GO
BY AND WE WONDER IF THERE'S ONE
THAT'S GOING TO STOP AND A GUY
WILL TAKE OUT HIS GUN AND SHOOT
WILL TAKE OUT HIS
GUN AND SHOOT US.
US. >> IT'S A PERSONAL CHOICE.
>> IT'S A PERSONAL CHOICE.
SO, WE UNDERSTAND THAT SOME
FRENCH PEOPLE ARE SCARED AND
CHANGE IT A WAY WHAT THEY DO, WE
CHANGE IT A WAY WHAT
THEY DO, WE UNDERSTAND.
UNDERSTAND. WE HAVE
TO KEEP, YOU KNOW,
WE HAVE TO KEEP, YOU
KNOW, LIVING A LIFE.
LIVING A LIFE. WHEN I
CAN STAY AT HOME NEVER
WHEN I CAN STAY AT
HOME NEVER GET OUT.
GET OUT. WE HAVE TO DRI.
WE HAVE TO DRI.
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHS) >>
Sreenivasan: AROUND THE
>> Sreenivasan: AROUND THE
CORNER, CO-WORKERS AMBER
DELMEIDA AND ORIAN LAHCENE WERE
GRABBING A DRINK AFTER WORK.
GRABBING A DRINK AFTER WORK. >>
(translated): I'M NOT
>> (translated): I'M
NOT SAYING THAT I WAS
APPREHENSIVE
SAYING THAT I WAS APPREHENSIVE
ON MONDAY TO GO TO WORK.
ON MONDAY TO GO TO WORK. BUT
THEN I THOUGHT ABOUT IT, IF
BUT THEN I THOUGHT ABOUT IT, IF
IT HAS TO HAPPEN TO ME IT WILL
IT HAS TO HAPPEN TO ME
IT WILL HAPPEN TO ME.
HAPPEN TO ME. WHATEVER
HAPPENS, WHETHER I'M
WHATEVER HAPPENS, WHETHER I'M
HERE OR THERE OR ANYWHERE, IT
COULD HAPPEN TO ME ANYWHERE.
I'M GOING TO CONTINUE LIVING
I'M GOING TO CONTINUE
LIVING JUST AS I USED TO.
JUST AS I USED TO. >>
IT'S LIKE WE'RE FIGHTING
>> IT'S LIKE WE'RE FIGHTING
AGAINST THE TERRORIST DOING
AGAINST THE TERRORIST
DOING THIS:
THIS: BEING HERE AND
HAVING A DRINK,
BEING HERE AND HAVING A DRINK,
DRINKING ALCOHOL LIKE WE ALWAYS
DRINKING ALCOHOL
LIKE WE ALWAYS DO.
DO. >> Sreenivasan: WHY WAS IT
>> Sreenivasan: WHY WAS IT
IMPORTANT FOR YOU TO BE HERE?
>> TO SHOW THAT THEY DIDN'T WIN
AND THAT WE ARE NOT SCARED.
>> Sreenivasan: MANAGER TEUCA
DANIEL HAS BEEN WORKING IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD FOR SEVEN YEARS.
HE SAYS CUSTOMERS ARE COMING
BACK, BUT A FEW THINGS ARE
BACK, BUT A FEW
THINGS ARE DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. ONE -- MORE
PEOPLE ARE ASKING
ONE -- MORE PEOPLE ARE ASKING
FOR SEATS BY THE WINDOW.
FOR SEATS BY THE WINDOW. >> (
translated): THEY WANT
TO
>> (translated): THEY
WANT TO SEE WHAT'S HAPPENING, IF
SEE WHAT'S HAPPENING, IF
SOMETHING ELSE TO HAPPEN.
SOMETHING ELSE TO HAPPEN. SO
THEY'RE TRYING TO ASK US IF
SO THEY'RE TRYING TO ASK US
IF WE ARE AWARE OF SOMETHING.
WE ARE AWARE OF SOMETHING.
THEY'RE STILL WATCHING, THEY'RE
STILL EATING, THEY'RE STILL
STILL EATING, THEY'RE
STILL DRINKING.
DRINKING. THEY'RE
STAYING, BUT NOW THEY'RE
THEY'RE STAYING, BUT NOW THEY'RE
SOMETHING LIKE THAT IT'S A
DIFFERENCE BECAUSE THEY'RE
STRESSED AND THEY PUT THAT
STRESS ON US ALSO BECAUSE
THEY'RE TRYING TO BE VERY FAST.
AND WHEN THEY'RE GONE, WE ALL
AND WHEN THEY'RE GONE,
WE ALL SAY "PHEW."
SAY "PHEW." >>
Sreenivasan: WHILE THIS
>> Sreenivasan: WHILE THIS
DEFIANT ATTITUDE MAY WORK FOR
DEFIANT ATTITUDE MAY WORK
FOR SOME RESTAURANTS IN THE
SOME RESTAURANTS IN THE
IMMEDIATE AREAS OF THE ATTACK,
IT WILL TAKE MORE THAN SOCIAL
MEDIA HASHTAGS TO BRING BACK
BUSINESS AND SETTLE NERVES,
ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING WHAT
HAPPENED TO CAFES JUST DOWN THE
STREET, JUST A FEW DAYS AGO.
FOR THE PBS NEWSHOUR, HARI
FOR THE PBS NEWSHOUR,
HARI SREENIVASAN, PARIS.
SREENIVASAN, PARIS. >>
Woodruff: THANK YOU, HARI,
>> Woodruff: THANK YOU, HARI,
FOR THAT SPECIAL LOOK.
FOR THAT SPECIAL LOOK. >>
AND THAT'S THE NEWSHOUR FOR
>> AND THAT'S THE
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF. >>
Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
JOIN US ONLINE AND AGAIN HERE
JOIN US ONLINE AND AGAIN
HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
TOMORROW EVENING. FOR
ALL OF US AT THE PBS
FOR ALL OF US AT
THE PBS NEWSHOUR,
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU
AND GOOD NIGHT.
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.